# data

=====================================kinda bar=================================================================================================================================================================
calories in bars???
How many grams of sugar per bar?
How many carbs?
Which flavor rates the highest?
How much PROTEIN?
Do you know what their Weight Watchers points would be?
Now that the weather is getting warmer, I am wondering if anyone has had them delivered and they are melted.
If I'm having it shipped to Arizona in August how do you keep it from melting?
Do all of the varieties have peanuts in the ingredients? I would love one with dark chocolate but no peanuts.
Ingredients aren't posted on this flavor, but are on the others. Any milk products in this one? Thank you!
What is the expiration date on this?
how many calories in the dark chocolate nut and sea salt?
how many grams of sugar? how many carbs? why is it so difficult to find nutritional info??
Is this 12 pack only peanut butter and strawberry
How many bars are in the box?
Shelf life/Expiration Date?
where is proteinex
How can these be healthy when it has glucose and sugar in it?
Are the nuts roasted, or raw?
Is the coconut used free of sulfites or sulfates?
Last time I ordered this I didn't get the variety box I recievec a cranberry flavor that wasn't even mentioned at all on this page. Anyone else ?
What is the amount of sugars (gms) per bar?
Are these bars guaranteed to be fresh when bought online?
What is the carb content?
Do these come with three boxes or what?
Is this 12 boxes of 12 bars? Or 1 box of 12 bars?
are there peanuts in them?
do you get all 12 bars for $1.59?
Do these bars contain fructose?
In the listing when it says "Pack of 12" does that mean you it comes with 12 boxes of 12 bars or 1 box of 12 bars?
Says low glycemic index. What is the glycemic index for this?
What's the sodium content?
what spices are in them?
What is expiration date, please?
Why is a bar advertised as 4 oz when it is only 1.4 oz each?
What is the expiry date on this?
Calories, Fiber content, fat content?????
I ordered these from direct home supplies, they had worms in them! Anyone else have any problems with them?
Ingredient list
which bars have no peanuts?
Is this from china?
Are these bars supposed to be chewy? That's what I expected, but ones I got through the subscribe & save program are very hard and brittle.
what is the shelf life and expiration date on these? thanks
How many are in the bar
Is this one box of 4 bars or 4 boxes of 4 bars?
where is nutritional info??
How many are in the bar
Box of how many?
The exact same bar i buy from whole foods are dairy free but these say they include dairy? can anyone confirm if what they receive is dairy free?
How many flavors are in this box?
how many pieces in the box?
Does this mocha flavor contain caffeine?
Organic? if not... not so ' kind '
Hi, is this item now non dairy? (they changed the peanut butter choc, i am hoping they changed this one too)
how many bars come in the package?
Can i get ingredients list, with nothing added?
are these gluten-free?
How many calories?
What percent chocolate in the dark chocolate?
what kinds of nuts and how dark (%) is the chocolate?
ORGANIC?
These boxes say 4 count in the title, but in the description say 12 count... Which is it?
How many carbs and how much fiber?
Are these non-gmo?
how many boxes are with this order
What is the expiration date on the product?
How much caffeine is there per bar?
What is the expiration date on your current stock? I'm buying these for our emergency survival kit and hoping to not need them anytime soon!
How many calories?
Is this good for aging weight
Why is there palm oil in these? Is it ethically sourced?
how much sigar in these bars?
Where are these manufactured?
Are these sent in a box or bubble envelope? I am just curious because I don't like my bars to get smashed in the mail.
Does the dark chocolate have 70% cocoa or more?
What bar has the highest fiber?
How many grams of sugar per bar? ( grams = 1 teaspoon)
What is the “natural” flavor?
How much sugar? and protein?
How much sodium in each bar?
Is this for 1 bar?
are the maple ones any good
How many in box?
Certified non-gmo or just claiming to be non-gmo?
Are these organic?
Can you tell me expiration date of this item?
Why is it that you inflate the price for caramel flavor, yet the supermarket charges the same price for all varieties?
WHAT IS THE CARB COUNT?
I have subscribe and save. Is there a way to change to a different flavor?
Are they gluten free?
how many bars do you get?
is there high fructose corn syrup
Does the apple cinnamon flavor contain glucose syrup? Kind used to have honey, why oh why switch?
Is this kosher?
Is there anyone out there who has really lost weight by eating KIND bars as a meal replacement or a snack?
What are the natural ingredients in this? Natural ingredients could be anything, why do companies keep doing this? Just list the natural ingredients.
Are these sent in a box or bubble envelope? I am just curious because I don't like my bars to get smashed in the mail.
What is expiration date?
Is the chocolate dairy-free? many chocolates contain "dairy butter" and other milk products. Thank you.
It says that there's palm kernel oil. Is this healthy, because from what I've read, palm kernel oil is best to avoid due to the extraction process?
how much sea salt do the bars have ?
are they made in the USA?
Do these contain chicory root fiber?
Calories, protein, grains?
When did KIND start putting milk powder in this bar?
are any of these chewy or are they all cunchy?
Are these sent in a box or bubble envelope?
How can one find out if this product is acceptable for Weight Watchers, points??? Fruit, nut and coconut flavor???
Amazon, where is the ingredients list view?
How many calories are in the Almond and Apricot?
How many calories?
Is this product vegan?
Is there any artifical sweetener in this product?
Is kind non-gmo project verified?
how many bars are in this item?
Do any of the products soy? Which ones?
Is this Almond & Coconut ONLY, or does it contain Fruit & Nut too?
were these fresh? the ones on Target were old and stuck to the packaging, couldn't unwrap them
Is this to China?
What is carb content
Can you tell me how many boxes/bars are included for $25.99? I'm not see how many boxes are in the order. Thanks!
Does it have tapioca starch or carcageenan or similar products?
ARE THEY FRESH AND NOT OUTDATED?
How many calories does this bar have?
Why is the (Caramel nuts and sea salt) in the description?
can i get ingredient list please!
Did anyone receive the vague 9/20/17 "potential issue" email from Amazon about this product and get through to Kind to know what it is?
Are these products lactose free?
I'm curious if the almonds (as well as the other nuts) used within these bars are cooked before being placed into the bar. Or are they raw?
Which bars have hemp seed?
What percent is the dark chocolate?
How many bars are in the pack?
'whole milk' so these are not cruelty free? Deceptive name for a 'health' bar that is not cruelty free?
How do i stop a subscription?
How much protein in the almond and coconut?
What is the sugar content in one bar?
Almond and coconut flavor, but the ingredients don't mention coconut at all. What are the real ingredients?
Do these contain hemp seeds or hemp extract?
Ho much sodium in these Bars
Does anyone know if these are lactose free, in addition to being gluten free? Thanks.
Kind any have no soy no peanuts
I've just gotten several messages from the amazon product safety team saying there is an issue with this product. anyone know what that's about?
Do these bars contain peanuts? I not crazy about any bar with peanuts (unless it's a Snickers) *snicker*
Are these, kind claims these are low glycemic index bars. My calculation they are not. The protein + fat + fiber = the same or less than total carbs!
calories ?
What's the expiration date on the boxes of the honey roasted nuts and sea salt?
Why is the 12 count box $1.24 each and the 24 count box is $2.70 each?
It says no genetically engineered ingredients, what about genetically modified ingredients?
Are these soy-free?
The nuts & caramel Almond and sea salt, 16.8 oz does not say how many bars are in the box. Others say 12 bars??
What are the actual ingredients, in order, of the bars?
How soon after shipped will these bars expire which would determine the amount ordered? thank you
What is the country of origin?
What is the protein content?
Has anyone tried the mocha flavor? I'm on Page 10 of the reviews and haven't yet found one for this flavor. Opinions, please. Thanks!
How many
Is the kosher symbol circle u with or without the D? The picture shows a D but wondering if that's how they actually come
How many bars are in the caramel almond sea salt? says 1.4 oz (single bar?) but cost per oz doesn't come out right.
Is this product tested and free from mycotoxins?
Are the apple cinnamon pecan chewy or hard??
what is the total qty. ?
The ad does not show the ingredients; do they contain honey? Do they contain milk?
I ordered the maple pecan flavored bars. They're extremely chewy and quite hard to eat. Anyone else experienced this?
What % of the calories come from fat?
Is this gluten fre
Why do these have milk powder & the same bar from Starbucks have no milk powder?
How many grams protein per bar?
Kind has changed the formula on the Almond & Apricot bar. Which version is selling here?
t is the nutritional value of bars?wha
is this the "spicy" one?
country of origin
Is there 7 or 8 grams of protein?? The front wrapper states 8 grams and the back states 7 grams
The newer bars do *not* list dairy as an ingredient on the kind site and in the stores. are amazon's bars old stock? or do you need to upgrade descr
there are no specification on these bars, why?
Is this price for 4 bars or for 8 bars total?
Who is founder?
do these have pomegranate seeds in them?
Is there dark chocolate in this bar (kind bars, caramel almond and sea salt) and is it salty?
How do i subscribe for this item?
What is the source of Lecithin in this product?
What's the shelf life? Was thinking about adding these to an emergency kit.
how many calories
Do these bars have to be refrigerated?
Are these soft and chewy or are they crunchy?
what is the calorie count
do they contain carrageenan
Why does your price go up between first screen and next. Same item. Not making enough money? Someone researching they will just go with the flow?
Which type of bar would you recommend if I need little to no almonds?
what is expiration date?
Are they sugar and cane syrup, peanut free?
Does it contain peanuts?
B019egm8g4 title says "kind bars dark chocolate mocha almond coconut 12 count" so is this the chocolate almond coconut, or chocolate mocha almond?
Is this on Organic
The caramel bars were $14.88 yesterday, why are they $19.21 today?
how many gm of fat?
were do the ingredient originate and what country are they made?
Do you.use cinnamon in your bars
Are these vegan ?
are any available withOUT soy lecithin?
How much sugar per bar?
How do I turn off the automatic refill for a product?
What is the expiration date?
How sweet are these granola bars? Do they taste like dessert?
How many grams of sugar per bar?
sodium content
Why do you use Palm Oil? Do you know it is responsible for rainforest destruction and loss of habitat for endangered species?
The box I got does not list dairy in the ingredients. Have they made them dairy free?
How much sugar?
what nuts are in the product
Will these bars melt in the UPS truck during shipping?
Are the Madagascar vanilla almond supposed to be really hard like a brittle? Not what i was expecting...
I saw a question about the percent of chocolate but not cacao content. what is percent of cacao content?:
How many come to a box?
phosphorus content?
Is the sugar refined or natural?
is this gluten free and diary free?
I need a bar without soy and without peanuts. Any suggestions?
What is the carb content?
Dairy Free? The Amazon product description says "Dairy Free" but the ingredients list milk powder, and dairy as an allergen.
is the packaging insulated ? I live in a warm climate.
how many grams of fiber
What is the expiration date?
Are the dark chocolate nut and sea salt bars gluten free?
How is the sugar accounted for in the bar? Sweetener? Is there sugar in honey? I don't see any fruit in the bar?
what are the nutritional values, carbs especially?
How many calories per bar?

=======================================================echo dot=====================================================================================================================================
Would 3 2nd gen echo dots in one 1000 square foot home sync with eachother or would there be issues? Example, 1 order of pizza might turn into 3.
What is the difference between dot and echo?
What is the difference between the 1st generation and 2nd?
is this thing going to finally kill me?
What assurance can you give that this constant audio monitoring is inaccessible by U.S. government programs?
Can the ordering function be disabled? I would not want my guest's children order through the device on my Amazon account.
Does this have all of the same features as Alexa Echo?
Can two dots listen to separate music in different rooms?
Can the Dot, or the Echo for that matter, recognize the voice of more than one user?
Can I change the name from Alexa to something else? My daughter's name is Alexa so this devise is not happening in my home.
Is it required to have an Echo before a Dot can be set up and used?
Can any of the Alexa devices connect to each other to play the same song or station simultaneously in different rooms?
Do I have to have amazon prime to have Alexa work?
Is the Dot battery-powered, or does it need to be plugged in?
what is the purpose of the micro usb port?
Does it offer youtube chanel? Is it free? Thanks.
If I order the six pack,do I have to use them all or can I give a couple away?
Where can those of us who purchased the first generation Dot get the $10 offa new one?
Regardless of the bluetooth and 3.5mm audio options, can the Echo Dot still play music through it's built-in speaker?
what is the difference between dot and alexa? why would you buy on vs. the other , is it just price? or does Alexa do more?
Do i need a smart phone?
Does this work for more than one tv or will they each need a fire stick
Is there any trade in the original dot this one looks cooler
Would it work with apple devices like iPhone, iPod etc.?
Can you take it on vacation as long as you have wifi available and access your account.
What are the differences between the Echo, Tap & Dot?
Can this pair with my echo? I.E I tell my living room echo to play spotify and all units within the house will play?
I want to buy an echo dot for my in-laws. I am a prime member and so are they. If I buy it, will it work on their account (not mine)?
can I give commands to echo dot in spanish?
Is there a monthly or yearly fee for any services?
Can Alexa call an ambulance, if an older adult falls and can't get up?
does it need internet to work
Battery operating? Rechargeable? Does it come with charging base?
If I buy a 6-pack, will all of them be linked to only my Amazon account, or is there a way to split them up and use them as Christmas gifts?
Can I listen to wifi radio stations directly on the dot like I do on Echo?
Can I use multiple echo dots as a home intercom?
does it connect to a bose radio
Does it cast
Can one dot control another dot. ie: if connect one to the stereo, can another dot tell that one to play music?
Do you have to subscribe to Music Unlimited to listen to music??
Can you tell Alexa to call someone?
Can i use the dot as intercom? if i have a dot in my kitchen and another in a bedroom, could i give a message to person in bedroom?
Can you control volume by voice or do you need to use buttons?
Can it answer questions?
if i had one in each room, could this be an intercom, say announce "dinner's ready" or "pick up the phone"?
Why doesn't my Echo Dot answer questions?
Does it need to be plugged in?
I'm interested in buying the 6pack offer, however can each dot have a separate account setup for it? Or do all 6 have to be linked to 1 account?
Is this the second generation echo dot?
Will Alexa read me a story? Read me a book? Read me a news article?
Can I set an alarm with dot?
Does echo dot or alexa work outside of the united states for demographic and geographic questions?
Can i use it with both tp-link switches and samsung smartthings hub
can it play radio, NPR for example?
Will the Echo Dot work in Guam?
Can a dot be linked to i-tunes?
Where is the serial number in amazon echo dot?
What is the temperature tolerance? (I wanted to put one on the patio.)
Can this work with a smart tv?
Does Dot require strong wifi
Is the Dot a good alarm clock for a heavy sleeper, or should I opt to buy separate speakers? This would be the primary function for buying the device.
Will this price lower before Christmas?
Can you set up 2 different echos on the same wifi?
I live in an apt and not a smart house and dont have an Iphone will this still work for me ?
Is it compatible with ifttt ? can i sense something using my sensor and using ifttt make alexa play some recorded voices ?
Do you have to own a echo to use the dot?
Does it come with cable to connect to external speakers
What has changed (other than color options) between the first and second generation of the Dot?
Will i have to pay for netflix and hulu wtH the firestick?
Can you create a surround sound system with multiple echos much like a sono's system?
Does the dot need to be connected to another speaker via the audio output to play music or can it play music through a separate bluetooth speaker?
does the dot use a lot of date when connected to wifi?
Could the dot play the same music as the echo? For ex: if i was playing the Echo in the kitchen, could the Dot perform as a speaker outside on patio?
Can you use the Dot with Iphone
Can i use hotspot on my phone to connect dot to it? for example: i would like to take dot in my car when i travel.
Will this work with wink?
Can i use echo dots with a spi camera?
how does the timer work
Do they connect together so if i tell the dot to add something to my shopping list. Will it add to existing Echo?
Can the cowin e7 headphone ( https://www.amazon.com/dp/b019u00d7k) be suitble to this dot?
compatible with mac
Understad spanish ?
Is there a monthly charge for the dot
How would I connect this to my Bose stereo or Bose radio?
Can you use the echo dot without Alexa and will it pair to your iPhone?
what headphones are needed to listen to music
Is this the echo dot 2nd gen?
Can this connect to my phone and use it as a speaker phone?
Can you use it as a speakerphone when on a call?
Do you have to have prime in order to use this?
Can two of these be used as an intercom?
What does this do that my iphone cannot do? I do not get it.
Can my kids at home use the dot to call me while i'm out if i have the phone with me that i used to set it up?
I was thinking of purchasing this for my brother in law for christmas. would it work in australia?
Could I take this camping in my trailer just as long as the campground or resort has wifi?
Can you listen to audibooks on Alexa?
Will it play music from itunes? give schedule of ical? all my products are apple.
Can two of them be used as an intercom?
What is the TP link smart plug use for?
Can the echo dot play am radio stations.
The plug says it is 9 volts. Can you no longer run this off a usb car charger?
Will echo and dot sync if i have one at home and the other at my office? can both, in this situation, get my calendar?
Is this the second generation echo dot?
If I have two Echo Dots, both registered to the same amazon account will both of them ring if someone makes a call to me? On at home, one at work
How many can you use in one home
Is this echo dot 2nd generation?
Is there any way to activate this using my desktop pc only? i'm the only person in the world without a smart phone
I ordered 3 of the Dots I was told they might be linked to my account is this true or can they be re linked to other accounts
First or second generation dot ?
Can you listen to regular radio throgh the dot?
Can I line out Dot to my stereo amplifier?
Is there sny difference in content available with fire tv vs fire tv stick?
What is the difference between the first generation and second generation Echo Dot?
is the power cord on the white model white or black?
Can you use the echo dot as a bluetooth streamer to play music of an external speaker for example itunes from your iphone?
When i got my dot alexa would play me music anytime. now she does not want to play me anything from anywhere. what do i need to do?
What's the difference between Alexia and echo dot
I bought this for a friend and she is unable to get it to work. Is there something I need to do to to change it over to her?
Does anyone know how to stream music from iPhone to plugged in speaker 3.5mm jack?). Even though I'm connected to the Dot via Bluetooth... silence
I bought 4 echo dots for my own acct and 2 as gifts. Does it matter which ones I give as gifts?
is it a speaker also or I have to connect it to a speaker?
I want to buy an echo dot but I don't know how to make it work if I bought one and brought it home what do I do to have to make it work totally.?
Will a 1st gen. nest thermostat work with dot?
does this connect to wifi
Is it possible to have Alexa respond to only one voice?
got for my mother for Christmas, there is a delay alot before she answers. Is this a defect?
do you need the big alexa echo for the small one to work?
I have the echo, will the dot still work and connect to wifi
I have an echo in my kitchen. if i purchase a dot for my child's room, can i use the echo as an intercom (i.e."time for dinner")?
It starts but then quits right away, won' t stay on. What could be the cause of this?
Can I pay it monthly?
can dot ring your phone?
Will it work with any kind of phone
why is it called "echo dot"? does it have internal stereo speakers like tall circular echo? if now combined, why one $139 and other cheaper?
Why doesn't this interface with Amazon Fire? Seriously Amazon, I want to ask for my calendar and have it show up on my 50" TV. Get with it!
Can you set schedules on the echo dot? for example-in a nursery, can you say alexa it's bedtime and the dot will start relaxing music etc
Will dot work with sirrius xm ?
can i used it in the caribbean
If I have echos in 2 different rooms can I access skills through both
is there a fee for use of this device
Is it compatible with the Sonos system?
I like asking alexa "play so and so' but it starts with xmas music. any way to get a non xmas medly without being specific?
what else do i need to hook up the echo dot?
Do you have to have Alexa to use Echo dot?
Does it take batteries
Need dot for alexa to work?
Does it work with the Hopper
Smart adaptors do you have
Can it tell world news
I'm new with this.. it's there anything I need to buy with this ?? ( charger, speakers??)
Can you use more than one Amazon account with Echo Dot?
I recieved an echo dot from my daughter in-law. try to set it up now, can i play songs i have in itune?
does the echo dot need wifi to play music
What are the two most important environmental factors that are relevant about this product for your customers?
do i have to pay for app music like spotify to listen it on alexa ?
Does it interface with a home desktop computer for podcasts?
can i use my kindle to set up echo?
Does alexa echo dot work with LG light bulbs
Is there a speaker built into echo and does run iTunes?
Echo dot speaks spanish?
do you need to have a alexis box to operate?
What do you plug it into a,computer to make it work
Is the 1/8" out signal powered? I.e. is it amped? Or does the external speaker have to be powered on its own?
is an account required
What is the problem if Alexa "hears" you but wont respond to someone else?
How can i connect the echo dot to my speaker system if my audio interface doesn't have an aux input?
is it wireless
dose it work in mexico?
do you need to have alexa
I assume that an amazon account is required to use echo dot?
Does it comes with a remote?
Does it support 220V?
can echo dot connect using a WPS connection
Would the Dot or Echo be helpful for a blind person?
Does the dot answer questions
Can echo control harmony remote
How do you Reregister echo dot?
Does it have a usb plug in?
When you purchase these do they come with your account info installed like the fire sticks did?
Does it have a battey
Do you have to have Alexa to have echo dot?
Traveling with the dot having trouble connecting it to a new wifi, have tried everything in the help section, any suggestions?
can you use Echo dot to add Bluetooth capability to your home theatre receiver?
Can you plug Echo dot into a speaker
Does it bring up iTunes files
will it work with legrand adorne dimmer switches/
Can you use/place a Dot in your car?
Can the echo dot be used even if fire is not being displayed on my tv?
I have a completely dumb question but I cant find the answer. Does the Dot pair with your phone or ipad to access Pandora and other music sites?
I am not tech savvy so please help! Can this be used with only a computer? My dad has wi-fi but not a smart phone (yet).
Can you tell alexa to play music stored on the default music app on android
Does the dot answer questions?
Is it the same as regular 2
Can you translate in Spanish?
Do you need a computer
Echo read Kindle books out loud
Is the echo Louder than the echo dot?
When the aux port is connected to a home theater, will the built in echo speaker sill play? i intend to leave it connected to the ht.
Can i play audiobook with the Echo without being at home? I want to get this to play audiobook for my dog while im away during the day fir work.
Does it have a monthly fe
My echo dot was stolen and I don't know what to do? I also wanted to say that I have really enjoyed my time with my echo dot .
Can I hook this up through a kindle fire?
Will the dot answer questions like Siri? Or google when asked?
Can you connect the echo dot to your iPhone to play music?
Does it plug into lights? (How?) Does it require wifi?
is there any service fees for the dot or echo services?
Do you need amazon prime for echo dot to work?
is the smart plug necessary?
can it spell words for you?
How do i find my echo dot on my amazon account ?
I want to change wake word to somthing other than 3 choices offered, alexa-echo or amazon. can this be done, and how?
Can the Dot's Bluetooth be turned on & off or a paired device be disconnected by voice command?
Can the echo and the echo dot be used as an in house intercom system?
how do you make phone calls?
Can the Dot turn on my tv or do i have to get the Echo Plus?
Does this work in another country if they have internet?
What's needed to work the echo dot?
what is the difference between amazon echo and amazon echo dot ( except size )?
does it connect to your computer/iphone for writing emails or word documents?
I bought an echo dot for my son-in-law who lives in madrid, spain. he says he can't sync it. can it only be used in the us?
Does it work for Pluto TV
Can I pair my phone and speakers with bluetooth to be used at the same time? Play music from phone and hear on the paired speaker.
Do I. Have to purchase Alexa for the echo dot to work or is it just a smaller version?
if I connect some speakers to the 3.5 headpone jack will alexa still hear me if the speakers do not have a microphone?
Do I have to have a bluetooth input for this to connect to my home theater system?
do you need an external speaker with the dot?
How do i set up for to share with family member
Do you need the audio cable to use the dot?
Does it have to remain plugged in?
Does each echo dot need to be setup before use?
how to update echo dot
When Alexa will speak in spanish?
Does alexa or the firestick work with at&t digital life home security system?
Does it work in other countries besides US?
I want to buy one for my mother but she doesn't have an iPhone or a tablet. Can I use my tablet at her house to hook her up to her internet?
Is the sound quality on the dot not as good as the echo? what happens if the dot and echo hear you, do they end up just following the same command?
Is the dot compatible with lux products geo-wh wi-fi thermostat
Are there monthly charges?
Can I set up appointment reminders
can i connect w computer instead of phone?
Does it understand children
Can Amazon echo or echo dot be used as speaker for iPhone or ipad
Is the echo dot moisture resistant, meaning is it safe to leave in the bathroom day after day while showering
what cord do I need to connect dot with bose radio?
Can I hook echo.to a stereo that is not Bluetooth accessible or have a auxiliary
i bought echo but i cant download the app in my cell. I live in Colombia and it looks like the app is not available for this country. what can I do?
How does the speaker sounded for music play?
What do i need to connect to a sound bar?
Do you need Internet for dot?
My mom has 2 dots. when i drop in, it only goes to the first dot set up. how do i drop in on the 2nd dot? in the app it just shows my mom not seperate dots.
What color shood i get ?
Do I have to have cable tv to have alexa?
My echo dot says it is playing on my app but I can not hear anything. I can not even hear her talk.
Echo dot support spanish?
Do you need Internet in the home to work Alexa?
can I use echo while abroad
how do i connect to a wired speaker system to play prime music
is it itunes compatible?
can the dot stream video to my tv
Does the connected bluetooth speaker always need be powered on?
Is echo dot a speeker
Can i use alexa in a car
Can you play music without any external speaker(like on its own)
Does this connect with my meidong QQChocolate bluetooth speaker?
Will this work in another country?
Does the Bluetooth/3.5 mm connected speaker that I connect to act as Alexa's voice, also?
Can this work in Indian homes?
Will echo run on 220?
Do i need a debit card to set up? It keeps asking me for one and won't allow setup.
Does it pick up local channels
Can Dot be connected to a smart device such as a smart light bulb or a TV via a smart plug and control all via voice command?
why is amazon charging me 4.50 each month for this device?
I ordered both the echo and a dot. the echo is on back order and the dot is coming in 2 days. should i wait to set up the dot until i have the echo?
If i have internet, do i need the ethernet adapter.?? Or anything else to make it work??
Is the Echo Dot power supply dual voltage ( 110/220 volts)?
Can Echo change channels on the tv, turn it on and off?
I have heard that the dot has a much less powerful speaker than the echo especially when listening to music. Is this true?
Can more than one person have the app on their device? For example, can both my husband and I have the app on our smart phones?
why is yellow ring flashing?
Can echos talk to each other from different routers (router in house to router in man cave barn).
can you use Echo Dot use with iPad
Do multi echo's interface with each other so that you can turn on lights/music from any of the devices (even if only 1 of 3 is plugged into receiver)?
Can i use echo dot as a bluetooth adapter because my logitech bluetooth adapter sucks.
Can you print using the echo dot?
Is anybody else getting feedback connecting dot to bluetooth wireless speaker w/ aux cable?
Does echo dot always have to be plugged in to work?
Can you ask questions like Google
is there a monthly subscription
Can it work in India?
Can I turn off Alexa's voice? I wanted to use it to Bluetooth lullabies in the Baby's room, but she keeps interrupting and waking the baby.
I just need something to ask questions, example what is the score from yesterdays tigers game. I have wireless internet. Will the echo dot do this for
Does it stream Slingplayer well?
Will the Dot only read messages when the paired smartphone is in range? I don't want it reading my texts to my family while I am at work.
Can I use Echo with a fire tv or fire stick.
I can't get my Bluetooth speaker hooked up with the echo Dot
Can I have it play my favorites list on my Youtube account?
What devices or services are needed to Dot?
how long will the echo last before i have to plug it in?
If I have prime music will it play at two different locations? I have an echo at home and was wanting to get another and use at my shop.
How long is the power usb cord?
do I need a extra speaker?
If i buy a echo dot to add to my current echo can i play the same music in multiple rooms?
Can I stream music from my cd player to Echo? Also from my large collection of music on my computer?
Can this change the channels on Fios?
Has the problem of intermittent operation and minimal warranty been solved?
How long will an echo dot hold its configuration data if I unplug it? Is is 12/16 and Santa just set up two to deliver on Xmas morning
how to set up for australia timezone?
I have an echo in my house. -would the Dot work in our garage?
I purchased echo (2nd gen), but want to know if buying three echo dots will allow me to create an intercom system in my home.
Does it support 5.0mhz wifi band?
If I have a Dot in the living room and another in the bedroom and set an alarm in the living room will the Dot in the bedroom sound too?
Would the 2nd generation Dot be the latest model?
Is the echo dot like a soundbar
Can you download the app to multiple devices
Is there a monthly fee for the dot?
How do I cancle my alexa subscription
Can I connect to my computer internet wifi thru my router
I currently have an Echo in my living room. If I place a dot in a bedroom would commands be duplicated to my Echo?
I hve an echo plus and an echo dot. i can't get the echo dot to work independtly of the echo plus. echo plus speaks and not echo dot. how can i fix?
Can you connect a Headphones to the Echo Dot?
Can the Echo Dot audibly read any of the books from my Kindle library? I don't have any books in Audible library
Is there a audio input
If you have multiple echo dots but you don't have the actual echo can you still ask it to "play music everywhere?" do i need the echo for the feature?
I connected dot to my speaker i usually use to listen from my phone but only loud static comes out. any ideas?
can you listen to regular radio thru echo dot?
Can the Dot be used as a simple Bluetooth speaker for the full-size echo and disable its ability to accept commands?
Does it work with an Apple phone?
Does this work without wi-fi? for instance, can it be used as a bluetooth speaker for my phone when i am out on a walk?
Is echo wireless?
Do I need to purchase anything additional to make the dot 2 work? such as amazon prime
Can it work with android or apple?
does the fire stick eat data when tv is off
do you have to subscripe to a service to use the dot?
Will Alexa play podcasts? I know it will pick up kindle books and Music but what about podcasts?
Parental control
how do i find the mac ip address?
I'd like to get one for each of my older kids for their bedrooms. Can it work independently for each kids choice of music, even though we have alexa?
If I have to dots both connected to a blue tooth speaker, each to its own speaker would they play in sink from my music list on prime?
I want to buy one, but i live in chile, since you don't ship here, will it work if i buy it in the us and bring it back???
do you need to use alexa?
do you need unlimited wifi?
will it work with an iMac?
Can the echo dot work with wireless lightbulbs?
Looking for a speaker to connect to our television so we can listen to the tv outside...will this work?
i cant get the orange light in my Alexa it always be blue , i try to press the bower to connect it didn't work :(
Can the dot read kindle books like my echo?
can alexa play podcasts...not from Amazon ?
I want to sleep better. Can I turn off the bright color?
If i voice command alexa to do something via the voice remote near the dot, will they both pick up my command or can i set one to have priority?
Would the weather work for other countries like Japan? i have been trying to change it to my current location which is Tokyo, Japan.
Can you set up multiple Echo dots in one home?
Will the dot work with a bose wave music system as the speaker?
Can i watch the turner classic movies channel with the stick?
does it work with firestick
What Echo Dot Generation is this?
Cain I use another power adapter of 5V 2A instead of original one?
Can the echo and the dot speak Spanish?
Can you use several in one house?
will 3 dots work with 1echo in 3 rooms
about how far can you place a portable bluethooth speaker and pick up sound from the Dot?
Can this be used without any other device, i.e., I'm thinking of getting it for a disabled friend who often wants things looked up for him such as #s
What is the difference between dot and my tap
How do you connect echo dot?
Why do I need a fire tv stick how it that works?
does the fire stick have search ability ?
Can two users pair with Alexa?
On the echo it says it links with audible but that is not mentioned in the dots description. has anyone used the dot for audible account?
Will the fire stick and echo come in there own package
Can it order pizzia for me?
How does this work on alarm systems
Can you set-up dot if your windows 10 pc is connected

to the internet via a Ethernet cable even if it's wi-fi connected?
Can you play itunes on echo?
do you need subcriptions for anything with echo dot 2?
Does this alone have the ability to turn off lights or do you need other accessories to go with it to do so?
If i have multiple dots and use one in the kitchen for a shopping list, can i add to that same shopping list from the bedroom or is it a separte list?
What kind of video Source can Echo dot connect with?
how can i set it up in mexico??
Does Ehco dot have to be paired with wifi in order to work?
can you tell Alexa to call 911
Is it appropriate for a nine year old girl?
Can I have my alarm turn on my favorite radio station
Does Alexa take orders form multiple people? Does Alexa able to connect to multiple people's smartphones.
if you have wifi at home will a dot work in your house?
This will play Audible books? Weather report? News reports?
does this work with echo show?
If my echo is already setup through the alexa app, will this dot be able to access those settings? there's no alexa app for my chromebook.
what is line in mean?
Does the echo connect to the Tap?
Does the dot need a speaker connected to work vs the std echo
How does Dot turn off the TV?
Can dot help find my phone by calling it?
adding second user
can my Dot be paired with both my husband's cell and mine? For instance, to play Pandora (obviously, not simultaneously- just either/or )?
Is this an appropriate gift for a good friend, that as fate would have it is overweight? Her son just went to prison so he is no longer around to help
How is generation 2 different from the first generation Dot?
I have the echo dot 2 but cant download the app in playstore to gwt my dot working. Any advice on what to do?
Will dot play my amazon music playlist on its own, without ext speakers? Also will alexia read full news and articals to me?
Can you combine a Tap and Dot together to play music using your voice?
What do u need for echo dot
Does it work on wifi
is echo dot waterproof?
I have a google account and so does my wife? How does it know which calendar to read?
Do I have to have an external speaker for Dot? Thanks
echo dot overseas?
Do i need wifi
Where is the Alexa 2nd generation app
Just recently became a prime member.How does dot and fire tv work.Do I have to register a credit card like you have to with roku tv ?
How loud is the speaker for music
Does it have a battery
can it be unplugged from power source to bring to other rooms or outside?
Can it make phone calls
Do you have to keep wifi on 24-7 to talk to Alexis?
Can the echo dot work outside the United state
Does it require a computer to use after installation I just have a router and a tv
Do i have to connect to internet
power. is only 110 volts or 240 also?
Does she turn off?
does it come with kodi app
Can i use it outside in a covered patio?
Do yoi have to have wifi to use it?
I would like to know the languages that alexa or echo dot can communicate or is only in English? Thanks in advance
How well does dot/alexa mesh with ios/os x? if at all?
Is wifi required for this?
Must you have an amazon account to set up and use a dot? we have given a dot to someone who does not have an amazon account and now we don't know if
Do you need separate speakers to use this to play Prime music?
Does it have an ethernet port? My mom-in-law is in a nursing home and the wi-fi is on a captive portal, so only ethernet will do there.
What is the power supply of the Dot?
hi l would like to know if they come in spanish language or english only?
Would this work for my sister who lives in Country with Dish Network?
Does echo understand Spanish
can echo dot recognize different languages like spanish?
What is warranty on it??? It isn’t even a year???
Does echo travel well
Able to read books from electronic device.
How do i forward calls from google voice to alexa?
Do you need a differant alexa acount for each dot
how far away from the echo dot can you be for it to 'hear' your voice? Tryng to decide how many to purchase.
Connect to bluetooth speakers
does it requrie a subscription
wrong settings on my Iphone Akexa App - Need to remove a user , anyone ?
Will it work off my phones WiFi
how do I make it wireless
Does the echo require alexa product? or can it be used without alexa?
My dot won't play music. How do i fix it?
My girlfriend & i just purchased the echo dot & we would like to know if two account can be linked to our echo dot?
can i hook this up with an app to my phone?
How many echo dots can be connect to an echo? Do they work from room to room?
How can i play my personal mp3 files without uploading them with amazon music for pc and mac. i have too many to use that service.
Can multiple dots be used as communication throughout the home, similar to an intercom?
If my main goal is to stream amazon music via my stereo, what's the audio quality of the dot's audio jack? anywhere close to the chromecast audio's?
Why is the spanish language not one of the laguages Alexa speaks?
Will the Echo dot do a shopping list and a to do list?
this device speak italian?
If I disconnect the power and move it to another room, do I need to run the setup again when I reconnect the power?
will I be able to play audio books from my local library app (overdrive)?
can Dot be set to play music for a specific amount of time?
I bought a dot in us. i want to know how to install alexa app in india?
can alexa play any and all amazon prime music
Why can i not to wifi?
why multi room software does not appear on when i download software?
Does it come with a charging cable?
Wen requesting play Beethoven 5th symphony plays 1 of 3 movements and stops. Can it play all in order?
How many alexa devices can be on one account?
Where can i get an amazon power adapter for the echo dot 2nd generation
can you use a seperate speaker?
can i use the dot at work - have wifi access. looking to play soft rock or soft jazz music. Have the Echo at home
Except for size what is the difference between the echo dot & other Alexa?
What kind of light bulbs do they work for?
How do i delete the traffic info? i put in my home destination and work destination now i can't get rid of it. even when i hit the change destination.
Can i connect it to my cable wifi or must i use the alexa app? i am buying this for my dad, who does not have a smart phone.
I am not computer savy etc. if i set up dot with my phone or kindle do they have to be on? can i leave my house with my phone
Can i record a short messages attached to the alarm and replay the message when the alarm goes off ?
do you have to update the fire strick ?
Can you ask Dot to play music with a wireless sound bar? Do I need to subscribe to anything extra ?
Can Alexa map local network drives to play music or other audio files I have on my local server?
should i leave my dot plugged in at all times?
I just received this. The volume is not much louder than my iPhone speaker. What external speaker would you recommend?
Just purchased this for $49 and would like to know if its possible to get this deal for $39 without wasting time doing a return ?
Cam you answer yoir phone through echo dot?
Why is my Echo have a yellow light, where the blue light appears. It still works and the blue light glows when asked a question.
If Alexa is logged into my phone can my wife walk in and ask for my last text messages or last bank charges? Does it have privacy?
Will it send my grocery list to google keep app?
If i buy 5 and stack them would I have an echo?
Do I need amazon prime?
will this work with windows 10? i do not understand how you get it to do stuff?
What lightbulbs work with this
Is amazon Prime Required
Never had one i want to try it. Doed this use data if i home with internet
Can I use a dot to interface with an app in my smart phone?
what range of music is available?
Does this product only work when plugged in?
Does the echo dot have to be paired with my smart phone
Can I have a dit without an echo?
Can it be set up with iOS?
Can echo dot play mediation music
Can I use this as an intercom to talk between rooms ?
can echo be used on a shared network?
Will it anser to every one in my house hold or just me?
Can it connect to bluetooth headphones? (so my son can listen in his room without the rest of us having to listen to it)
Does Alexa come in different languages, french, for example
Can the dot, echo, or show use a male voice?
can I connect it to my windows 8 laptop
Does the echo dot have to link to another source to play prime music?
can it be used in any country?
Do I need to own Alexa for echo dot to work?
can an echo drop in on a dot?
Can aleca make phone calls with out a smart phone
Do you have to have a separate speaker with the dot or is it loud enough on its own?
How do I change the time on alexa?
i have blutooth speakers, can i connect echo dot to my tv via 3.5mm and stream tv channels to bluetooth speakers via echo dot?
can echo dot be used as speakerphone?
Do you need prime for alexa?
Is echo dot auto voltage?
does echo dot required a smart phone?
Does Alexa pay audio books from audible?
Does Echo dot come with built-in Motion sensor?
bluetooth speakers for echo dot
Is it compatible for Europe or in other language than English like hebrew
The y split micro usb connector for the usb cord my echo dot came with just has wires hanging out. where can i get a replacement?
What are examples of inexpensive speakers that would pair well with a dot? Would a portable rechargeable speaker work? I plan to use it in my bedroom.
how does this work, interested, what do i hook it to?
can you connect through the phones internet
can i use two bluetooth speakers
Can I buy six dots and save money per dot?
Could it only be use in english?
Can you call in and out with the Echo Dot?
What is a fire tv stick?
Can this connect to my wink home hub to controll household lights or should I get the echo plus instead
does it work in germany?
is this a good learning tool for kids....like questions"what is the capital of Pennsylvania etc? Can you ask most any questions?
Can echo dot answer phone calls?
do I need to buy anything to use the dot?
Can multiple echo devices be linked?
Does this come with a plug in to connect to a tv for example?
Can i connect the dot to my mini bose speakers?
Can you operate without wifi
How it works on Bose 650?
when I hooked up my dots, I ask one a question and its answered by another dot in the other room what am I doing wrong?
Does the ecobee 3 package include the sensors? Is the ecobee 3 the 2nd generation?
WHich languages does it undserstand?
Is an internet connection required
can i pair 2 blue tooth speakers with echo
For music playing purposes, does it have to be plugged into headphones/speaker? Or can it still play through the internal speaker like the echo/tap?
What is the diference between the echo and echo plus?
Is anyone having problems signing into Alexa app?
How do you pair the fire stick and dot? I’ve tried several times and it just says she can’t find an echo remote. Please someone help. Thanks!
How to use dot as a timer
How long does the battery last if it has any.
can dot connect with a bose wave radio
Does the dot turn on (or wake) the blue tooth speaker when an alarm is scheduled? or music is commanded?
If I have multiple dots can I set alarms
Why it doesnt work without tbe charger?
Does the new echo do everything the old echo does and more? Or is it the same bit smaller, or are they different?
Is the dot wifi compatable
Does echo need wifi
Can you activate two Dots from the same downloaded app, or does each Dot require its own app?
Do you need Spotify premium to use it with Echo?
Does it have to be plugged in all the time?
Is Alexa necessary to use Echo Dot?
Can I link this to my sonos?
Is fire tv a one time purchase or is there a monthly charge in addition
If you already have an echo, can multiple dots be linked to it to play the same thing throughout the house?
Does an echo and dot have to be on the same wifi network to use drop in. i have a dot in the house and another wifi network in a garage bonus room
Alexa not responding
Do u need to buy the 89.99 alexia to make the dot work?
An I use the fire stick on my philips smart tv?
Will the echo dot work in the UK?
Can it connect to multiple speakers (that are NOT echo, tap, or dot) around the house?
My Alexa doesn’t work without being unplugged to the charger, is that normal?
Can Echo Dot call if you don’t have a phone
Is this combo the latest edition of each device?
Can i change the name instead of using Alexa?
Why did it go off w
I bought a alexia echo dot but whem I try to download the app it sad the app is not available in my country (Brasil).
If I register the Dot to a landline phone number, will it make calls from that number?
can i make a call from an iphone
What do I have to do to listen to music on two echo dots at the same time?
do you set up the dot the same way you do with Alexa or do you need anything extra?
Can you add a speaker
does echo dot connect with tunein radio like the Tap does?
Which is better the echo dot or the google mini?
Do I have to plug it into a radio
Can two echo devices be used at the same time?
Can you use any speaker for the echo
does Echo Dot need to be plugged in to work?
I have a lg android phone lgms345 and i cant seem to down load the amazon alexa app. is my phone not powerful enough?
Does this have a ethernet port?
Do u need to keep the echo plugged in all the time
If I order 4 Dots for 3bed rooms and a living room do I have to program each dot withthe app ?
is there a monthly charge that goes with this ??????? as I don't need any more bills
Does it connect to your wifi
Can i interface with itunes , imac, i see home seer will interface amazon with hai, will give it a try.
Does it work?
Does the audio cable come with two prongs on the other end? My speakers at home have two holes at the back for the audio input, colored white and red
Do I need the Amazon echo before having this device,or can I just have the dot?
is the only difference between the echo and the dot the sound....all else is the same
Do i need a smart tv for this?
Does it recognize any other language other than english?
Is there anyway to connect this to Staples Connect Hub?
Does Amazon echo work with Sonos
will alexa set a wake up alarm?
Does this come in other languages? Spanish?
Does I tunes work on Echo Dot?
do have to have Wi-Fi ?
Do you connect this to the first generation echo so my shopping list goes to one place?
How do you delete smart home devices (ex. Lamp) from the device list? I only have the option to disable.
can echo dot connect to goggle chrome
I can't st up music library, any help please.
Will this work with a panasonic tc-p500x1 tv ?
Can it be used overseas
I live in a secured buzzer building. can i train alexa to repeat the buzzer noise to my bluetooth speaker in my bedroom?
can this be used with my kindle
Is the dot worth it if I don't have smart lights and all that?
Why did Alexa stopped talking to me.
can you have the echo and the dot in one house?
Can i use the dot as an in home intercom?
Does it only respond to only one voice? Can a family of 5 use it? Will it respond to all voices?
Dot3pack not allowed to be applied to my account
Is this the 2nd generation dot
Can the alexa make calls on wifi
Can it control or play music through bluetooth on for example receiver marantz sr-5011?
does the phone have to be in the home for it to work?
What computer sites are needed before I can hook up Echo Dot?
Can you play amazon prime music
Why does my First generation Echo Dot keep shutting down?
Will this work in the car Bluetooth?
How do I link Pandora to the Echo Dot? I can't find the option the the Alexa App when I got to Music&Books
I just bought a bose wave for my wife for christmas. i was looking to buy alexa. are these two compatible?
Does it support 220V power supply?
Will Echo pair with a Ring doorbell?
Fire, 7" display, wi-fi, 8 gb
How can I troubleshoot the set up for my echo.
Does it need a power cord?
Is echo dot compatible with Comcast home alarm system?
Can this play music from YouTube? Is it better than bose?
Does the echo dot work with a iPhone.
Is there a charger for the dot 2nd generation I am getting 2 black ones for holiday gifts,do I need to order cords or a charger
The Alexa app will not open on my android phone. What is the problem?
What happens if you plug this into your stereo/surround receiver and you try using it when the receiver is off or on another input?
Do you need an amazon account or prime membership to use this, or will it connect to wifi service and work?
Does it play music ?
do you need to purchase anything with this? Or does it come with everything needed
how do you setup on computer?
does Dot provide stereo sound via the 3.5 mm port
Can I have one in a new location other than the first one?
My echo dot doesn't reconize what time zone i live in which is eastern standard, it thinks we are in cental time? how can i change this. knoxville, tn
Can I listen to music on echo in one room and someone else in a different room listen to different music music on dot on the same amazon music account
Can you sink all echo together?
I have an Echo and want to expand to another room. Is it better to add a Dot or just the voice remote?
I don’t have a prime account. Will Alexa play music from the iPad where the software is installed?
can you play siriusxm if you have an account
Can you text using the dot if you do not have a cell phone?
i now have alexa,but if i have 4 plus alexa,and have alexa playing pandora say..would i hear the other 4 speakers playing pandora too?
Is the sound quality good? If I get 2, will they play the same song at the same time at both ends of the house?
Will it play music
Can Alexa play my music not on prime (but I have prime)?
How does Echo control my TV?
Why when charging my echo battery does the echo dot blue ring stay on?
Can you recommend bluetooth speakers?
can I use my dot to call my echo
Will Alexa-echo dot, work with the iPhone 7s Plus?
if you already own a google home device, can you use it as a receiving speaker for the amazon dot?
How to use echo multi room music?
Do you need Alexa?
is the dot wireless and you charge it or is there an attached plug?
Is there a list of international compatibility (i.e. will Echo/Alexa work in Trinidad)?
I paired Alexa to my iPhone 6 to play my iTunes music it says no music in library when they are 200 songs in there is this a scam???
Does it work with iphone
Does the dot work with Apple Music?
Would this work with vera lite, or any z wave device?
can an echo dot connect to a non bluetooth tv by using a usb bluetooth adapter?
How too call on this
What is *acoustically* the best position for the echo dot -- flat on a corner table, mounted flat against a wall, or mounted flat against the ceiling?
I am deaf and if the telephone rings in the kitchen and I am in the bathroom I cannot hear it ring. Would dot let me know the phone was ringing?
Is it compatible with the fire stick
Would echo dot word in canada
Will Dot recognize which person is talking?
Do i have to have prime for it to work?
Does the Echo dot record conversations ?
How loud are the dot's own speakers if you are to use it to play music?
Is the echo dot battery operated or does it have a power cord?
Can echo dot be control from my i phone and another person's i phone
i have a second gen dot, and have pc wth windows 10 and wifi, but can,t get it downloaded on the computer.?
My computer is a refurbish and doesn't have blue tooth, will I be able to use dot with it using a usb?
is this easy to set up.? Good instructions. I have limited iphone, computer smarts/
Will the Dot connect to my Kindle reading list?
does echo 2 come with its own power plug?
Can you use echo in thecar
How many different people/devices can be used in each household?
I have had my echo dot for 5 weeks now. For the past two weeks it chokes more n more often, cutting the sound every few seconds. Any suggestion?
Do I need multiple subscriptions for multiple dots
I am a subscriber to netfix how do i install it on my tablet
What do you have to have to be able to use use it?
Can you do a factory reset?
Built in speaker
Can I play the Dot through a Bose CD Player using AUX LINE IN & use the Dot Bluetooth at same time? Any issues? How's the Dot sound quality output?
How does the speaker compare to an ihome mini cube?
What kind of audio cable do I need to buy to hook up to my receiver?
Do you have to have a separate speaker to listen to music?
Does it listen to conversation
When using the dot with other dots in the house and an echo as well can use them all at different on things
Who is this made by
Can you use old school speakers with the audio jack?
Can i listen to music that is on my cell phone?
how do you link echo and dot?
Can you connect the dot to wi fi without a android or smartphone?
volume seems really ealy low is it just mine or are they all like this? Tom
Do I need Alexia and echo or echo only? How does this work?
How do I set up settings on my dot so I can ask for Amazon deals
Can this turn a tv on and off without a Logitech Harmony?
Does this come with the standard mind control chip?
will echo dot make me fatter and lazier?
Does it have a battery
can I control xfinity x1
Would this or the Echo work overseas? Would there be any hold ups other than adapters?
how good is the built in speaker?
Does the dot have it's own speaker or do I need to have an external speaker for it to work?
What's the power source for dot?
my husband has the Echo app on his phone. Can I also put it on my phone?
can we use alexa in the philippines
how to get data?
is wifi needed to connect echo
Can you play the same music on multiple devices (echo and dot) at the same time, linking them together?
Does the app work for installation in separate states
Can the echo dot be on a different song from the Echo in another room of the same house
How do you call a person by nickname, such as Dad? The contact list requires a first and last name.
Can echo dot understand Spanish.
How do I set up my Alexa
Do they blow up
Does it work in india?
Does it have to be plugged in all the time
Can i use a pc to set up the dot?
I have an echo. if i get a dot, can i control the same group of lights from both my echo and dot?
Is the included Dot a 2nd generation Dot?
Will it connect with Iphone or apple devices?
Can it play music from youtube?
To hear the news or ask a question
Can it do everything the amazon echo can do?
Support other languages?
What can echo do without prime
Do you need anything else for this to work
Can i ask the echo dot to turn on netflix with the fire tv stick or will it only control amazon prime tv
I'm trying to figure out if i can control my freedom sound system in our cal spa with an echo dot
Do you have to have wifi?
What do you hook the echo up to cell phone WiFi
Is the Dot able to connect my phone to my wire (aux connected) speakers through Bluetooth? I want to be able to control Spotify through Bluetooth.
Can it be used with 220v
Once set up, does the echo dot have to stay on the original wifi network to operate or can you move to a different network - can it travel?
Voice remote, why do i need to buy it? is it the same as just asking alexa what i need with voice prompt or a mic i push if too far from dot?
Is the Philips Hue the only option for lighting control?
Do you need amazon fire for dot?
Why doesn't Echo start up with the wake up word, Alexa
Do i need cable tv in order to use the stick?
How do you set this up using only a laptop that operates on windows?
If i order the echo do i also need to order a dot?
If I buy one for each child's bedroom, say 4 of these, will they interfere with each other. Also, do they each need a separate Amazon account?
Is echo dot good for seniors?
how to use it in the car?
dose echo dots spell words for you
Where can I find a list of apps that come with the firestick an what you can download
Do you still call Alexa when you have the Dot?
Can echo dot connect to home wifi
Can this Amazon dot control a Bluetooth diffusing mister? Gift is for a friend who has a echo.
does it have an external speaker
My echo dot, first generation is red? What does this mean? It is not working.
Why is the tp link smart hs 100 22.00 dollars on the buy all three package
Does echo dot 2nd gen work with Nest?
Is it possible to play the same song on multiple Dots? I want to be able to hear the same song throughout the house on my echo and dot?
dose echo dots spell words for you
Where can I find a list of apps that come with the firestick an what you can download
Do you still call Alexa when you have the Dot?
Can echo dot connect to home wifi
Can this Amazon dot control a Bluetooth diffusing mister? Gift is for a friend who has a echo.
does it have an external speaker
My echo dot, first generation is red? What does this mean? It is not working.
Why is the tp link smart hs 100 22.00 dollars on the buy all

three package
Does echo dot 2nd gen work with Nest?
Is it possible to play the same song on multiple Dots? I want to be able to hear the same song throughout the house on my echo and dot?
can you attach speakers with a cable
Is it more difficult to download alexa app on samsung galaxy prime phone, than it is on iphone ?
Can I change speaking voice of echo dot?
Can it respond to spanish?
Can there be two dots in one household?
Which is the voltage?
I have the DOT and it does not play my itunes music from my iphone?
Will this work with my samsung qled?
do i also need to buy nthe voice remote control for the echo dot?
Will Alexa operate an onkyo network receiver?
Will echo work with harmony hub to control firestick tv
does dot need a hub
How do you use this? Does it require to be connected to a smart phone? Can my phone-less 9 year old still use it?
is it easy to connect it up. or do you just plug it in ?
Does it understand other languages? If ues, which ones?
Will the dot work with satellite internet, would it use much data if I don't play music?
I want o get this for my daughter will this help for spelling?
Can an echo be used outdoors? I live in Florida and want to use it by the pool, not near water, but not sure how humidity would affect it
my dot does not "hear" me as well as my regular echo I have to shout with the dot, but just my regular voice for the echo. what can I do ?
How do you use it?
Does the charger and cord come with this product?
I have an echo, does the dot have the same functions as an echo?
Do you just need wifi for the echo dot or do you need a iphone or computer to pair with it?
how do i set it up
if it is fully charged, will it run while unplugged
I have Alexa at home on my wifi there. Can I add dot to my work wifi and still have the benefits of both working properly with this setup?
Who ships this to the UK?
What is the range of the Dot? How close does the device have to be?
Can i use it to turn on the tv
I an technology challenged. Does this work in conjunction with your smart phone? Is it difficult to set up and program? Does it use data from your
does it work in eastern europe
Does echo dot come with a remoite
Is the echo dot worth $50?
Would i be able to play music from two different dots with the unlimted music echo plan or would i need to upgrade?
can I download the app to my pc
Can i buy multiple dots and stream music through different rooms? Or do i need to get an Echo and connect all my dots to it to play in multiple rooms?
Can this act as a blue tooth speaker from a smart phone or tablet?
does it plug in to your iPhone say like video games
Does it have an alma to wake up
Can multiple devices be used at the same time
Can I plug the echo dot to 220 volt receptacle?
How many watts is it?
I have wifi, but just a desk-top computer --- no smart phone or fire or anything else smart. how do i connect it to the internet ?
Can echo dot connect by bluetooth to my denon receiver?
Is this an ashe tray with a cover on it?
can it be changed to a different language?
Will this work without connecting Alexa? Im just not ready for her yet
Does the dot have a speaker
can you hear the echo dot from acorss a room?
Can I listen to my audiobooks on this?
I have a dot at home. i just ordered one for work. will not connect . will it not do two? what is wrong
Can you disable the receive and send message feature so it doesn't automatically tell you messages if you're sleeping?
Will it play music local to my device, or will it only play from a streaming service?
do you have to have prime
How do I link my dot to my Echo Show?
My friend spilled vinegar on her echo dot. what should she do? should she replace it or put it in rice, etc."
Does Dot need internet connection to operate?
Can you please outline the differences between the V1 Dot and the V2?
Is it worth getting this if you dont have Prime? What can you still do with it?
Is Echo dot 2nd gen able to un plug from the charger
I bought three dots and one is connected to my amazon account the other two i bought as gifts. how do i tell which one is connected to my amazon?
If I have a dot in my bedroom and someone is playing music on the echo in the living room, does the dot play the same music too?
Do I need another device to make it work. Can it control a lamp
Dot set up instructions
I hooked up my dot to my car and use the car's bluetooth speaker. do any of you do that too?
Can I use the echo downstairs and the dot upstairs. Will they interfere with each other?
Can this change the channels, volume,etc on a Smart tv?
Does it work as a speaker
Is there a monthly fer
Can it do anythong without internet connection?
can it be used in Canada?
Can the dot connect to Alexa so both devices stream the same music? I want the same pandora songs playing in the house on Alexa but also on the deck
Can i connect echo dot to my youtube music play lists?
I already have a echo. I just want to know how to reset it
My 5 year old is obsessed with my echo, could he use this in his room to listen to music without speakers?
Can 2 users have an app for each echo dot
How do u hook it up? Just plug it in?
do I need a separate one for each tv? or will one work with multiple tv's
Do you need an amazon account to run the echo dot or the amazon echo?
How is it for asking dot about news and weather and stuff? Untill I get lights and thermostats in the long future.
What does it pair to
can I play my sirius
Can a visually impaired person touch each of the recessed buttons and reconize their function by feel? Are they marked for touch?
How is the echo dot powered?
Is it compatible with Logitech harmony hub?
Can this be used to control the volume or change channels on my Samsung TV?
Can you have it call 911 if your phone is not on?
Do you have to have buy echo dot ine very room or can i just get one
Please explain use of the 4 buttons on top?
How can alexa to recognize my voice?
Can the dot connect to two different sound systems at the same time?
I just bought the echo dot , will I need anything else to go with it , it’s s xmas gift
I have a disabled husband that can't climb stairs, how does the unlock work with a normal door?
Do you have to own Alexa for it to work?
Is Amazon Prime necessary to use an echo?
does it say my schedule
do you need more than one dot?
Is there a battery? Is it only a 110 plug in or can it be usb
will this play sirius sm
I use echo dot to wake me up in the am. will it still work that way if my wifi stops working?
Does Echo Dot need an Alexa unit to work?
Does it work with Roku
Can the dot and echo connect with each other?
I’m a prime member why can’t i get the 10$ off the echo
Can you have echo tower in kitchen playing music, and doc in bed room reading from audible? Or do they both have to be doing the same.?
does the dot have to be hooked up tp to external speakers
I own Echo, how do I add echo dot?
Will Echo dot wake me up with an alarm?
Can you pair the dot with any free music
Does it come with everything i need to use
will this work with windows tablet?
How much to use echo dot
Does the echo dot work on wi fi alone? what else do i need to order when i order one?
do you need amazon music?
If the Dot is always listening, why is there a action button?
Does dot come complete
Does the dot hear your voice just as well as the echo? How far will it work?
Can it access and play audio from other places, such as Youtube?
Can you hook this up at another house when you go somewhere else?
Can you bluetooth 3 echos to one andriod phone
Would the Echo Dot fall back to its internal speaker, when connected with a 3.5mm cable to external speakers, but they are switched off?
So if i wanted to buy this as a gift to someone that doesnt have an echo would the dot work for them?
Does the Dot play music from Echo? Or does it need to be contacted to a speaker
How do I get Alexa to just respond to my voice only
can dot connect to sonos
what is the red ring for
Can you plug earphones into the Echo?
Will echo dot work in hotels with wifi?
Does Amazon mine data from the shopping list? Targeted ads for products put on the list perhaps?
After using the fire stick successfully for several months i now get a black blank screen when i switch to the hdmi port which has the stick. what’s w
Will Alexa ring with my cellphone?
Is this the same thing as Alexa, just smaller? Thanks!
Can I use three of these as an intercom?
if connected to my phone via bluetooth, if i tell echo to call "contact" will my phone connect a call?
What does the Echo Dot do?
does the dot sync with the echo?
Is it possible to temporarily stop the alarm for a few days when I’m not home?
Will this play notifications and ring when paired with an android phone?
Does the amazon echo dot work with google play music?
Mine does nothing -how can i get it to do anything, I can hear it ok, but I cannot get the download to work?
Can I use it to stream amazon prime music to other WiFi speakers in sync on same wireless network?
Does the 2nd generation dot have voice controlled volume
This device works in Greece?
Question in order to use this to turn on the a/c or heater do you need anything in order for set up
Do I need some internet service for the dot to work ??
Can these act as comms between rooms with their own dot?
Would echo dot work in Europe and does it need a power converter?
Do i need to order both the stereo and rca cables for it to work? do i need the remote? (why a remote if it's voice activated?!)
Is this a stand alone device or do you also need an Alexa ?
Do you have to buy service for this or can i just connect it to my wifi and its ready to go?
so, do you sync this to your Echo so you can listen to music in another room? or extend the Echo to the upstairs via the Dot?
What kind of light bulbs are required?
Do you need wi fi for the echo dot?
I do not have wifi. I have my computers hardwired. Will the echo work in my home?
I have echo dot and echo connect hooked up to a router when i make a phone call i hear a big echo back ground noise how do i fix the problem
I have tried to connect my Exho Dot while on vacation, it does not work? Any suggestions?
Can more than one person use the Dot?
I want to put one in my garage. How does it handle high humidity?
Do you need to own an Alexa to have the echo Dot work or can it work without the Alexa?
If I bought echo dot (2nd generation) do I need to buy anything else? How difficult is it to set up and start using it?
What are the available alarm sounds on this?
Can the echo dot run a sonos system?
show me add on echo dot speakers?
How long is the cable?
I see so many apps in the app store. Which one should I use for echo dot setup?
Can you use the echo dot to connect to an ipad for hands free use of YouTube?
Can you control echos from a Alexa hub, would like to turn off teenage daughters lights and wake them up in the morning with echo dots in Thier rooms.
Is there a limit to how many devices you can control with one dot?
How user friendly is it?
Would I be able to configure this to order online from Publix deli?
I do not have Wifi available where I live. Can I connect it with my cell phone... Hotspot or Bluetooth?
Will the Dot pick up local AM radio stations?
Is the dot as good as echo?
If I set an alarm on my Echo, will the Dot also chime when the alarm occurs?
Can it be set to two languages? E.g. English-Spanish
Can the Dot look up information on the internet and reply to you if asked?
how long does it work for?
Does this work in Canada
Does it work in countrys where amazon services are not available?
I just brought a echo dot and when i talk to Alexa it lights up and it does not respond , if i push the action button and then it will respond ..
When will alexa have the siriusxm app
Can i use my Dot with the amazon fire stick
Can i connect the echo dot to my bluetooth ue boom speaker and then still use the ue boom app on my phone to turn the ue boom speaker on/off?
How do I set up the amazon echo without a smart phone?
Do you have to have Wi-Fi to use?
Amazon xxx does not show up when trying to connect to WiFi, what can I do?
How do i stop alexa service
Di i have to have prime to use?
Will the dot 2nd gen work with my lg smart tv? as in like the xbox connect did for commands like "next episode" "volume up/down" or select apps?
What's the power source for each unit?
Does it work with itunes or any music app? Or just the ones listed?
Hi, i'm in Perú and i try to install the App from the web site, but it goes to Play store and said that is not available for mi country, please help
Can you insert a micro sd card?
Does samsung tab a support echo dot?
If i talk with a friend in a different state what charges apply?
Is there a service fee for using Alexa?
would this be good for an elderly shut-in ..that can still HEAR..??
Will there be a portable Bluetooth speaker version of the Alexa like there is for the Echo 1st gen?
How many sound track does it have?
what are good speakers for the dot
My niece's name is Alexa. Can we call this device something else?
If i have a dot with speakers and an echo and i ask alexa to play music would it pkay in both speakers?
Is it recommended to pair the dot with a bluetooth speaker or is the sound from the dot good quality? (for music especially)
is it gluten free???
Does echo come with internet?
Should I buy a speaker if I buy echo dot? Is the sound quality clear and loud?
Can it be used as a portable speaker, similar to the beats by dre ones?
After the Echo Dot is paired with another device, via router/wifi/bluetooth, will I lose my wifi connection to the original device device?
Does this do less than the full sized echo?
What apps can I cast on my tv?
do i need to buy any other accessories to set up a dot??
Does it need to be always plugged in?
Does the Amazon Dot work with Wink?
How do I do a manual update. I get endless messages that Alexa requires a manual update, but can never find a way to do it?
Has anyone been able to resolve the issue with alexa and insteon "sorry, the device xxx is not responding. please check the network conn/pwr supply."?
How do i make a call from echo do?
Can echo connect to printers?
does it reconnect its self to wifi say if internet/ power goes out and comes back up?
can i link my alexa echo to it and have them both work one im the living room and one in the bed room
Does this work with First Alert smoke detectors?

=================================================echo show===============================================================================================

Do we yet know of any compatible baby monitors? This comes out June 28th, we're expecting July 1st!
Can you make audio calls to other Echo Devices in the same household?
Can I order Amazon Pantry from this?
Why does it play fake news?
Does this have a touch screen?
Will this have an intercom feature?
What is the sound quality of the speakers?
Is there a low light display option for thr night? I dont want a bright screen annoying me at night.
Can one house have more than one Echo Show and call between the devices in the house? i.e. mom calling kid's room to come take out the trash.
can I view recipes on the Show?
Can this be used as a digital picture frame when idle?
If it can do 'phone' with echo dot, then echo dot should be able to do that now with other echo dots. right??
Can you ask, "Alexa, zoom in pan right?
Do the speakers network together for whole home audio with multiple devices?
does it connect to your smartphone for calls or it just do wifi/internet calls?
Does it integrate with an iPhone for video chat when I'm on the road?
If I have echo dot at my office can my husband call me by voice on this? He is disabled and this would be huge!
Do I have to also have the Alexa Echo in order for this to work?
Know the difference between other users voices
If i have 2 echo shows in my house on the same amazon account, can i set them up to 2 different spotify accounts?
Will it work between Canada and United States?
Can u talk to more than one person at the same time?
Does it integrate with Kindle? I would like to be able to read my recipe books in the kitchen.
Are you able to use an app on your phone to view what the camera on the Alexa can see, like a security camera for your house?
Can the video screen be set so it only comes on when I "wake" Alexa?
How do I turn off the display to sleep?
Will this work outside usa? is this 110-220v?
Will this work with Nest Thermostats and Cameras?
I purchased this so i could video chat my daughter while on the road using my iphone. Is amazon working to enable video chat on iphone?
Can the echo remote work on the Show
can you connect to a larger monitor
Is is compatible with iPhone 7?
If you have more then one of them at your house can you chose which one to use the drop in function on?
Is there any way that i can chat with people in the other room? we have 5 echo dots and i would love to use it like an intercom.
Will this have a touchscreen, to scroll through news articles and such after you initiate voice commands?
Can I video call android or iPhone devices?
Can you have multiples in the same house, like kids room, kitchen, rumpus room? To chat between rooms like an Intercom?
Will the echo show link with another echo device in the home so that i can play the same music on all echo devices at home?
If you buy two, can you use both simultaneously with the same Amazon account?
is echo show portable
What about intercom mode? can i ask alexa to call another echo in the house? that would be awesome for my wife and i to communicate when i'm in garage
Can i ask for my apple calendar? apple news? apple music?
Will this work between US and England?
do you have to have the dot or echo for this to work?
How many megapixel is the camera?
Could it be used as a monitor for ring doorbell (and doorbell pro) ? or it will be compatible just with the cameras?
Does this replace the original Echo or do you need both? Is the speaker as good as the echo?
does this work with the Amazon Tap?
Does it cook breakfast?
does it work with X-10 devices like switches
Can the echo show interact with printers to print lists etc?
Is there a dog treat dispenser that you can pair with the echo show?
Is the Drop-In feature only available for other accounts? Could I use it as a home cam by "dropping in" from my own Alexa mobile app?
Can It work as hub
Can it connect and view video from Nest cameras? That is not specifically listed with this product.
If I order 2 (one for upstairs and one for downstairs) will I be able to connect them both to the same Prime account?
Can you adjust brightness
Does echo show have a touchscreen?
Is video calling free?
Is it compatible with Apple products?? (iPhone, iPad, etc.)
Can the echo show display what alexa is saying? i’m not talking about captions for movie trailers and such. i’m asking about what alexa says.
I need to view ring camera, set thermostat and turn lights on/off. should i just get this instead of echo plus?
Is another echo device needed
The Echo Show is supposed to support bluetooth, however, the fine print says it doesn't. Why the switch?
How do you sync echo show with google calendar?
video calls?
Does echo show recognize more than 1 voice
can i drop into my dad's show using the Alexa app on my ipad assuming his show is enabled for drop in?
Does the echo show stand up on it's own or do you have to get the stand?
Can Alexa organize your shopping list in catagories?
Does this item have a 3.5 MM port like the Amazon dot to hook up to my Marantz stereo via RCA cable
can you add photos to it
cell phone necessary ? for echo show??
can you do video calls with this?
On my show i have my amazon account. my don is on my account in nj. when our phone rings in florifa his rings in nj???
Can Echo Show show you recipes for cooking
Can it get news, like when schools are closed or late???
Can it be used to answer ring
Unit turns on but no response from Alexa - what could be wrong?
how can I get my echo show to nave a brighter screen, it is very dark
can I connect my echo show to my existing surround system
Can it video call the Echo Spot? I think someone said something about an Alexa app?
can I use this on my parents prime account while I am at college
Why can’t I customize the news feed? How can I select which scrolling news stories are displayed rather than sit through oddball news items?
How to display date on Echo show screen?
why cant i get local weather
how to use with security cameras
Just bought the echo show for my mom, who is wheelchair bound in a nursing home. which apps should i download to get her started?
can it mirror to your tv screen? so if i pick up a movie on prime I want to see it on my big screen!
Is there a web browser included?
Does Echo show work with a sonos system
Can i use this in my kitchen to replace a wall calendar? i use google calendar and i know alexa syncs with that, but can you view a whole month?
Do I need the show and the echo plus
Can more than one family member command this?
Can you hang it on a wall? (Out of desk space)
streaming to Blue Tooth stereo
can you load pictures from Picasa ?
Can you watch youtube videos?
Is this compatiable with a Iphone 8?
Does caller have to have this item
Do you have to have a prime membership for this echo show to work
Can echo show stream netflix & hulu or just amazon video? also can i download recipes from websites like epicurious & food network?
Is this vunerable to intels chip flaw?
How is the speakers
Can it Bluetooth to Apple tv
Can I stream espn on the show
Does the screen have to be on
Does it require a house phone
picture rotation can it be changed and how?
is it portable
Can i mirror my Samsung smarthub TV to this?
is it compatible with arlo pro
Can the show view security cameras (such as the amazon cloud cam) remotely?
Can you record the video for playback?
does it need to be a specific security amera?
Can you watch movies or utube on this?
What is the class of bluetooth in the echo show?
Does this work as digital picture frame?
internet speed?
Can the Echo Show display Pinterest?
How to turn on
spanish language is available?
Does it run the alexa app
how does echo show work for video calling?
How can i connect to my amazon fire stick?
can I set the weather zone to anywhere outside of US?
is this compatible with arlo security system
Can Echo Show video be streamed to a tv?
Can it be used to continuously display video from an Alexa compatible home camera?
What are the dimensions?
“Play iTunes U on Amazon show?”
If I am buying this for grandparent who does not have internet or smart phone, can they still use it just for my drop-ins? And I'd call from app?
Comes with 2 echo shows?
Can it play free youtube videos
can it access facebook
Can you plug an auxillary audio cable from a non- bluetooth speaker into the Echo Show for a louder effect?
Can I call someone else's echo show
Program local traffic conditions
I'm asking if i can stay in contact with my family while i'm in the uk and they are in saudi arabia?
Why does mine keep turning off? The screen just goes black. I have to touch the screen to make it come back on. I don't have it programed to shut down
I'm not sure if this question was asked, but can I have my amazon prime videos play on this device?
How it gets lights to tirn off?
how do I disable the voice view option?
Can a person with an echo call or message an echo show
Will this,show live feed from my Kuna security camera?
can you make conference calls?
So is amazon working on getting youtube to be viewable again? this is the only thing keeping me from not getting it now.
I have two echos on the same amazon account. It is showing messages for both people on one of the echo shows. How do I get it to just show the one use
For "video intercom", is audio on device "full-duplex" (the parties at both ends of a call can speak and be heard by the other party simultaneously)?
can it video chat with an iphone
can i use it in a hospital room that has wifi?
can i use echo show with people that don't have one
Can you hook this up with Ring floodlight cam/doorbell?
Would it work in Mexico?
Echo shown purchased for my mother is connected to my prime account. when i ask it to call my cell, it rings and then i get an error message something along the lines of were sorry, you don't have a pin set up. is this because i'm technically calling myself?! the number in calling is correct and app. and software is al…
Is the jitterbug touch 3 senior smart phone compatible with echo show
Can u watch YouTube on this ?
Is this worth the price or should I wait for a newer model? Reviews are so so
Can you load a pdf or a powerpoint presentation on it?
Is there a way to turn off Alexa's response after every command?
Can i call someone's alexa echo from my alexa show?
Does it work as a home monitor
Does mom need Alexa app installed on smartphone or tablet to make video calls? Mom has Android tablet but not smartphone.
Can I connect to any echo show from another family member with different accounts.
what other accessories are needed with Echo show?
How many languages available?
Does it work in Mexico?
So i have the echo show plugged in as well as my original echo. “alexa play some spa music”. and they both start playing. now what? can’t have both p
How to awaken Alexa show
Is asus intel tabetQicompatable
What do ii need to connect my tv and lights to work with alexa?
My wife sets 2 alarms on her clock radio. Can 2 alarms be set on View? Also, can different content (song, radio station) be set for each alarm?
Will this monitor security cameras already installed?
how to set it up?
Does this support skype for business allowing you to join conference calls and see shared presentations?
Will Alexa work in Caribbean countries
if you ask alexa to start a timer, does the echo show visually display the timer?
Will this device be compatible with my tv?
Can I monitor inside my house from my app
Can I choose a song using the touch screen?
If i have one for my mom in thailand, can i use echo show to video call her from my iphone?
can it call phone
can music playing from echo show be syncked to play at the same time on my other echo?
Can echo show hook to my phone to make calls
If using as a alarm, does it have a backup battery incase power goes out?
Does the Echo show work with Blink security cameras?
What apps does the Echo Show support?
why won't echo show show episode 1?
Are you able to watch YouTube on Amazon Show device?
Can this be used as a security camera? Been looking for a camera to keep an eye on my Grandma. This would be perfect if it works.
does it require a monthly service fee
Why not just get a kindle fire for a fraction of the cost? What is the advantage of echo show?
how to link security device to Echo Show
Can you only see the phone chat video with someone who has another Show Echo
does it function in korea?
When using the drop in feature for someone in another location do they have to touch or say anything to answer the echo show?
Does echo show display kindle books? i know it can read them to you, but can you just view and read. i would like this especially for cookbooks.
Can i view my adt pulse cameras?
Can the device be used in Trinidad and Tobago and do have to be prime member to use device?
Can you facetime through the echo show?
Can you use it internationally and does "alexa" speaks any other languages?
Will the echo show work with sirius xm?
Does the photo on the Homescreen (my family photo) result in burn-in since it is normally on?
Can you load your own recipes on the Echo Show and have them display when requested?
Can I view my recipes that I have saved in my Pintrest
Can you spy on others by listening in on them with Echo?
What blue tooth speakers are compatible with echo show?
Is possible to show the cal on the screen as a main screen? Possibly a whole wk or month? Asked before but the sug was to ask again after it has been
how do you get music on echo show
Is the speaker/sound quality of the show equal to the 2nd generation echo?
Can you download apps to Echo Show?
If i have an echo show and 2 amazon cloud cams, is there a way i can have the echo show view both cameras at the same time, in a split screen?
Video quality
Why they take out youtube
can it work with an apple device?
Can echo show be used as an audio speaker for other devices
Can it be used in asia area ?
Can I listen to my audible books on Show?
Is there a wall mount adapter?
Is there anyway you can hang this on the wall on a bracket for a person who is a qaudfriplegia .he has Alexa
What is the difference between the echo and dot?
Does this work in asia 220v? do i need a voltage transformer for this?
When will it show Netflix? We already lost Youtube!
Is there a way to do 3way video call?
Is use easy/intuitive enough for my 98 year old, non-computer savvy/computer-resistant gradmother to place and receive video calls by herself?
compatible with hue
What is the drop in feature?
My echo show screen is dark. How do I lighten it?
is it wireless?
Does it work with an Ecobee thermostat?
Is it compatible with Ring Video Doorbell?
Can i play videis from youtube or another website?
Can music playing through Echo control hue lights so they flash in sync to the music?
How to configure drop in camera?
can I use this to view email?
what is the show part of this Alexa? how is it diff from Alexa Echo?
can you turn off hints on home screen?
it works in europe?
how do i reset echo show going to be gift?
Does it understand Spanish
What voltage does it use?
Can it access web md
If I have 2 echo shows can I link them and use them as a baby monitor?
Does the show accept a voice command to turn off only the camera, not the microphone?
What is over all size
Can it be used to make international calls?
Is this compatible with Vivant?
can you get local radar?
Does this thing pretty much force you to watch CNN for news?
For video calling can it work with thr tango app?
Does it allow sideloading of apks?
I read a review saying this doesn't work with YouTube videos, is this true?
does echo show work with august doorbell?
Can i use apps like ip cam viewer or tinycam pro with the alexa show?
If this is paired with the echo cloud cam, will it provide a constant audio stream? Want to use it for baby monitoring.
I was wanting to use this as a baby monitor how long will the screen stay on for if i buy the arlo camera?
Can I use the Echo for music and the Echo show for everything else in the same room and they have a different wake word?
Got an echo show and it came with a caseable offer but the device is not listed as an option?? Anyone? Thank you!!
additional apps required?
Does it display song/artist info when music streaming?
can echo show video call be used internationally
Does it work like a laptop?
Can it sync with iPhone calender and contacts?
Does this have smart hub?
will ambient clock mode shorten screen life
Can echo show play everywhere
Does it work in Honduras?
will it automatically show front door when Ring doorbell is rung?
Can it connect to my wireless Arlo security cameras?
Do you have to have a smart phone in order to use the Show ??
What camera works with this
if i send an echo show to someone in another state, can we call each other and see each other ?
Is there a monthly fee?
Can an echo show call an echo show for video calling?
We live in Puerto Rico,will the Echo Show connect with my son in San Diego, California, & can we get full support for our unit here in Puerto Rico ?
What subscriptions do you need for echo show?
Can i drop in using the app or do i have to have another echo
is the power 110/ 220 .
Can I use this to watch local TV?
Can I connect 3 Echo Shows at 3 different houses across the country?
do you need phone line to make calls?
Does this require a server like the sony dash did?
Does this only work for amazon customers?
Can i connect my samsung smart tv with alexa
Does Echo Show support multiple languages through voice?
Can you access the camera @ home via the app on your phone even if you are not home? I'm wanting to be able to check on my dog while away.
Can I delete liberal media from Alexa echo show?
Can you use it for recipes?
can it google search
I have an Echo Dot with Sirius. Will the Echo Show display the info from Sirius (name of song and artist) or just play the music like the Dot
If the alexa calling is wifi to wifi calling can i call the uk from the usa if we both have a echo show?
Can I mirror my smartphone or tablet screen?
Do you have to have amazon prime to stream children’s videos
can you watch cnn
If I bought this will it work in Nigeria for boyfriends family?
does it have a wake up alarm
Can it play dish recorded items from dvr
Does the echo show require echo connect?
Does this require an amazon prime account
How can I get my contacts from my iPhone X to the echo show
Echo show speakers are making a popping noise with breaks of no sound. How do you fix this?
Can the Echo show make phone calls or just to other Echo devices?
Why is the crescent moon on screen?
will this display Kindle items, like the Thug cookbooks I've downloaded?
Can you watch Netflix on this?
Does Alexa speak Chinese?
How can i lock alexa when i am not at home ? I.e so that a cleaning lady or nanny cannot use it.
can you install apps
will the RING doorbell camera automatically starts when someone rings the bell ? or is there an option to do that? thanks in advance
How does it differ from the echo spot?
Can you watch full length movies
Does it work well with Apple Calendar ?
Set up password for echo show
Does echo show work with FaceTime on a smartphone?
can you put a custom clock the echo show
Can Echo Show be mounted on a wall?
Can you use YouTube
Thinking about putting one upstairs and one in the kitchen. Does it make sense to have more than 1?
Why did my show start playing music with no command from me
Alexa understands spanish?
my screen has darkend can i make it brighter?
Does echo show have a headphone jack?
Can the echo show show workout videos like spinning or bootcamp type workouts?
Can I set this up easily for my mom to call me for free while I am abroad and would the quality of video and sound be decent?
My son will be going to Scotland for college in the nest year. If both of us have echos, does drop in work that far?
Can you stream Lynda or other education video services ? Thanks
Can this be used with a Ring doorbell?
Is the screen on all the time? How bright is it?
Can you use it at someone elses home?
Can Alexa make a playlist
Will it play soundscapes? Can you increase size of time displayed?
Can use different device to connect video calls?
Can you play games
Can you download apps on to Alexa
can u use ARLO outdoor camera
Why is it that Echo show when used with echo connect no longer announces the name of the caller?
does it work with echo remote
Can security camera be usef outside
Does this product work in other countries? like latin america, africa and asia?
Does its works in Argentina???????
Is this smart enough to give a weather alert for a for thunderstorms for specific Zip Codes or Cities ?
Is this iPhone FaceTime compatible?
Does alexa work without home phone service
Can i get photos sent to echo show so that it functions like a pix-star frame? email in from other family members to my echo show?
Can you connect to direct tv?
Will it work with Arlo Cameras?
would this device work if I bought 2 and sent one to El Salvador??? I want to know if it works internationally.
do insteon cameras work with echo show?
Can it give you pull up reciepes & gives you screen step to step
What languages are available and will it work in Brazil?
Can I use Skype with this?
To control devices in my house, do i need a wink? or is having a wink redundant to the show?
Este sistema de alexa funciona en Argentina? Yo soy amazon prme member pero vivo en Argentina
Do you have to plug this into a smart plug?
can it search the web for things ?
Can Echo Show maintain multiple shopping lists?
do you need an echo or echo dot in order for the echo show to work?
What if I only have internet connect on my phone, will this still work?
I recevied my echo today, can i get some help?
Is there a way to disable or require a pin for installing new skills? I don’t want my children to install skills without permission.
Is there a demo mode so I we want to give it away in a drawing people can see what it does?
Can i watch youtube videos?
Can the display be inverted? I would like to hang it upside down under my kitchen cabinet.
Does anyone else have a problem with the Alexa bar light flickering? It looks like static across the bottom, constitutionally?!?
Alexa app on my phone and iPad will not show settings, lists etc. what is wrong?
Can the text be expandex
can you watch dramafever or other amazon prime subscriptions from amazon prime ?
can it control my dish network
can echo text
can you read google mail on echo? Forexample, can I ask Alexa to search email for a recipe and then pull it up?
why does the screen on my echo show go out? I can barely see it now.
An I make Video Calls to other countries?
Can i use this to video conference with family in taiwan who has an echo show too
Does is use POE?
Does the alexa show work with my ring flood light cam for monitoring?
can you put the alexa app on an IPhone to use with echo show for video calling
If I put this in my room, will the camera record when I'm changing my clothes?
Can I sell the Alexa I have and get this one?
Is it capable with the Philip hue lights?
Can echo show now stream netflix, hulu or youtube? Have those restrictions been charged?
Does the kindle with Alexa app allow you to make calls to the echo show?
I'm in usa at the moment if i get two from here would they work back in u.k.
Does it work well?
Do I need the Hue Bridge to connect Philips Hue Light with my Echo Show?
Echo show just in english?
Can it run directtvnow?
will the security cam record audio also?
How do you turn the device on or awake it from sleeping? Can it all be done with voice command?
Which security software is good for the echo show?
How does it connect with bluetoith devices?
will it look up subjects on the internet?
Can the Echo Show be mounted
My son will be in st petersburg, ru for the next 2 years, if we each have a show will it be functional there?
I live in the sticks..we have u verse wi fi..will this work in our home?
When will they get YouTube back?
can it be configure to speak spanish?
How long is the power cord?
how can I sync my arlo cameras with alexa show?
does this replace the echo dot or supplement it?
can it link to my apple phone
Can you make your Gmail your home screen?
Do you have a spanish version?
Can I use it to monitor roommate
Echo show alarm work with music?
Does the come with all recipe subscription?
can you play youtube
Can the screen show a Google calendar all day?
Can you watch directv on the echo show?
Is an amazon prime account required for the echo show to work? mainly interested in video calls to family members that dont live with me.
Can I read cookbooks on it?
Does it work with the Ring doorbell
Can i use echo show to video chat from usa to ireland?
Is it facebook compatible and maybe facetime
Can you operate the echo show with a remote.
can echo cloud cam be used outdoors
do I need to be a member of Amazon Prime?
Can it display the output of a motorola mbp854connect baby monitor?
If i have one in lets say virginia and i send one to new york can i make calls and see the person and they see me, and each one has echo?
Which

Echo would be best for someone who is hearing impaired?
dose this work alone or do i need the echo also
Does it play movies and local news??.
Can I listen to my Kindle audio books
Can you download your own recipes
What is the button next to the lyrics button?
how do you connect to ring video doorbell?
can you wake it from another room
can echo show make calls to other cell phones
what tv can echo show show?
Is there a way to wall mount it so that it's pointing straight out?
Can the echo show connect to the echo spot in 2 different houses?
Will youtube ever be supported? Is it possible through apps?
How do you get siriusxm?
Is thus Wi-Fi only?
Will it work with a KNX smart home?
will it work with alexa
Is there a monthly charge to use this
Can the echo show be used in europe (Germany more specifically)?
Can the show be used as a security camera using the Alexa app?
Does the $100 discount apply after the $229.99 is paid?
Do you have to have both echo and echo show to call someone
Where does echo get contacts from?
Can i browse the internet with this? i want to be able to bring up a recipe while cooking. not just from allrecipes.com.
Do I need to purchase any other assessories to set this up initially?
are speakers and sound stronger than previous versions of dot
Is speaker better than Echo Dot?
Can it be used with the echo
Will the echo show play the music from my amazon music (unlimited) account?
is this compatible with arlo security system
does echo show support youtube?
In the routines app is there a way to add more "Alexa says" comments?
do you have to have a amazon account to use it
What kind of internet do you have to have ?
Does this work with Furbo?
can you watch hulu on the echo show?
Can i use my iphone to make hands free phone calls?
Can this connect to a samsung tv
What all does this come with? i got some hdmi cables sent in a separate package and i'm not sure what they're for?
Anyone else having buffering problem with Ring Doorbell Pro?
Does it have close caption for hearing impaired ?
Is there a Minimum WiFi speed (upload / download speed) for the Echo Show to work?
Is this voice activated or do i have to push a button
dear, is possible setting Alexa in Spanish?
Can i use my Amazon echo show to video call someone in the UK
how can I see you tube videos?
Does this work with FaceTime or Skype
can you use it as an intercom without the view
Does th static noise problems have been resolved?
does it work with lights
Can Alexa play nature sounds to soothe you to sleep?
Does echo show work wirh hue light bulbs
Which app or software echo show uses for video conference? skype or something else?
can it pair with a bluetooth speaker
do you have to have an amazon account to use echo
Will it work with sirius
So this will sync to my IPhone so I can play my music playlists, and also show my calendar?
Can u watch movies on the echo show?
Is a smart phone needed to set up calling on the Show?
Looking at echo, echo plus & this but solely wanting to buy for Philips smart bulbs and to play music - so confused as to which is the right one??
Will this work on a public hotel WiFi where you have to login to a network with a user name and password? My husband travels a lot and stays in hotels
Can I print from Echo Show?
Does YouTube still not work on the device?
Can you watch complete tv shows or movies on echo show?
can i make video calls if i don't have a mobile phone
How do you turn off the "Try-whats you favorite book" and other messages on display? I don't want to keep seeing that? and can't find answer anywhere
Do you need a computer to have a Alexa ?
Is there a monthly charge to use this
If the alexia app is on my ipad, how close does the ipad have to be to echo for alexia to recognize commands?
can I get the date on the home screen
What kind of accesories are used for lights and thermostat and door locks and cameras???
can i use a audio stream as a alarm clock
can it be used in india?
how to sync pandora with echo?
Will the show work in Japan on the Air Force base
Can we leave the nest camera in the baby's room displayed over night AND listen to amazon music simultaneously?
can it work with an apple device?
Can it show the words you speak on the screen?
If I am away from home, can Echo Show control lights, cameras, etc. at my home remotely via wi-fi?
If you move it from one room to another room do you have to set it up again?
It will not connect to the college wifi , any suggestions?
i am a very old non techie senior citizen. the description of this product makes it appear easy to use and set up. is that right?
can it be used in india?
how to sync pandora with echo?
Will the show work in Japan on the Air Force base
Can we leave the nest camera in the baby's room displayed over night AND listen to amazon music simultaneously?
can it work with an apple device?
Can it show the words you speak on the screen?
If I am away from home, can Echo Show control lights, cameras, etc. at my home remotely via wi-fi?
If you move it from one room to another room do you have to set it up again?
It will not connect to the college wifi , any suggestions?
i am a very old non techie senior citizen. the description of this product makes it appear easy to use and set up. is that right?
Does it have Bluetooth "
Can you set the home screen to show the weather?
does this play internet radio
Is the amazon show primarily an expensive version of the fire tablet without youtube (largest single source of video clips in history)?
Have a headphone jack?
Can I call another Echo show overseas, e.g. Australia?
can you use as cooking timer
can you tell it to send to printer
This sistema works in Argentina?
does it require a smart phone to set up or can you use the amazon fire tablet?
I have home security that’s i can view on my phone. swann had pro. it is a wired system. is there a way to view it on the show.adding a hub maybe.
Where do I find the echo show app
Can it play 5th ward juvenilez songs? last time i asked siri and it took me into deep web.
Where does Alexa get weather data
with two can i seee and talk to a person in another room in the house
Is this able to connect to your Sirius Radio
Does it work in Spanish?
what is the resolution
why do i get no sound from my echo show ?
Can it be used as a security camera
Does his work with Sonos systems
What hub is compatable with the show.
My 11 year wants an "alexa" for christmas. would you recommend the show or the new spot?
Can you facetime with this and how do you do it? can i ask alexa to facetime one of my contacts?
Can i watch/listen to my google, apple itunes and vudu movies, music, movies or other videos?
Can this be used as an idoor security camera?
I am looking for a device that uses voice commands that can be used by my mother who has lost most of her her sight. Would this work well for her?
Is Echo Show available in Spain?
do i need to purchase phillips starter kit?
Do i need to purchase any accessories for this to work?
Does this play youtube
Can 2 echo shows be st up on different wi+fi , but same Amazon account still call each other?
Is there a way to prevent people (besides yourself) from tinkering with any of the settings?
I purchased for my elderly parents. Do they need anything more then just internet?
Can i use it to control my comcast tv?
Can you watch youtube?
How big is the screen?
The other person is in Chile. Would be able to call rach other?
Can I google recipes on the echo show and then read them as I cook
can you control your Nest thermostat?
what is the power
Does the ring doorbell camera shows who is at the door if the ring doorbell was activated or do you have to ask Alexa who’s @ the door 4 video 2 show
Can camera of echo show be temporarily disabled
Does echo show have a headphone outlet so i can take my phone calls off the speaker. if not can i use bluetooth headphone set to pick up calls with sp
can i go to my facebook with this thing ?
Do you have to have the echo connect in order to make calls with the echo show?
Can i speak to someone in Europe
Can it control fire stick?
can I drop in with video from my Alexa app from my phone or do I need another show on my side?
Does echo show has closed caption for the deaf?
Can echo show play songs from amazon music unlimited?
how do you call from one Echo Show to another Echo Show for a video call?
Is this Compatible with my Rhapsody/Napster app to play my music ?
I cannot get the echo show to change channels in playstation vue. I have linked the devices (firetv stick and echo show) and it will launch.
do I need an iPhone
Can neighbors who have separate echo shows video chat
I don't have Wi-fi internet service but I do have hotspot on my phone that we use for internet. Will this work?
can it connect to a bluetooth speaker
Does Echo Show work with other satellites besides Dish?
Can I connect to something so I can watch sports like a mini tv?
how do you link Alexa to office 365
Do i need a separate cell phone number for each echo to make calls with it? i ask because i have only one cell phone i want to use with 2 echos.
Will it work with my echo?
Can it play music from my computer playlists bought from itunes
I subscribe to sirius xm can I sign in on the Echo Show?
How do I set it up?
Can it display files i have stored on google drive? dropbox?
Can you set this up with your android or iphone for calling or messaging outside alexa app using your own service or is it strictly alexa tho alexa?
can it connect to smartphones
Can you Make it international ?
Can it be used to activate ADT security
Can one echo show call another in the same house (like an intercom of sorts)?
Why can't i get my fire tablet 8 to do video chat with echo show? No conversation option like on my phone. Can't drop in our anything. Is it too old?
This would be ideal thing to give to my parents. Would this work in India?
is it zibee compatable
Can we get a full screen clock on the night mode? i have terrible eyesight and assumed that the clock could be set to take up the whole screen - nope
Does the alarm clock still function when power goes out?
If you have drop in enabled on both shows, can you leave video messages? Looking for grandpa to stay in touch with grandkids
can you video call with a samsung
Can i have this hooked up to my adt account?
how can i use a cell phone to video chat with the echo show?
How do this do security
Is Alexa show wireless
Does this like with Apple devises?
does it speaks Rus?
Can you ask alexa to search for specific youtube videos?
How can i change display screen from naming every thing pointed to?
Does it have bluetooth
Will it show the songs playing on Amazon Music and allow me to do the thumbs up and down on the screen?
Can I video call me daughter in another state
Does the show work with Skype?
what apps can you install?
Does it show "subtitles" for what alexa is saying? i often can't understand what alexa is saying when she answers a question. subtitles would help.
If I buy echo show do I need anything else for voice commands?
Are you able to download the security app for ring security?
can amazon show be mounted to the wall
Will echo show work internationally? one in uk and one in us?
Can it take pictures? Like can I say Alexa take a picture and it will snap a photo?
Can this be used to make phone calls without the echo connect, when you are hooked up to the net?
Can I make video calls to a Show in another city without charge? We have elderly family there and if no extra charges for voip this would be great.
Can it keep my cat entertained?
can you set up this product in Spanish and can follow instructions in the same language ?
Before i buy, two questions: 1) can it play plex video/audio? 2) can it play sling tv?
I have an Echo Show, what speakers would anyone recommend to go with it?
does it have a smart hub
How is it set up?
Can you send text messages and pictures from an IPhone to the show
do you need a phone tied to the echo show?
Does echo show have built-in smart home hub like echo plus?
Does the show update software on it if it needs it?
Does Echo show have a Camera
Can I set the echo show to view my Nest camera for more than 30 minutes at a time?
Will the Echo Show connect to my fire tv?
Do you have to have a smartphone & the Alex app to have and use an echo show?
Can you pair the Alexa show with another echo?
Can I use my echo remote with the new echo show?
Is it difficult to sync arlo cameras with echo show? how is it done?
Is there a youtube skill for the show? i can't seem to find it, and would like my youtube account linked so i can easily watch my subscriptions.
Can you change what type of current events you see on the home screen? I've heard that the defualt for this is hit or miss.
Can you down load Kindle apps to the show?
Does the echo show stand up by itself or do u need to buy a stand
could we use in our mountain 2nd home to see inside as long as router wi-fi is on there?
Is there a way to turn the "screen saver" completely off? i want it to stay on the home page (or whatever other page i am viewing).
Selecting amazon music unlimited 'echo' plan (instead of family/individual) then echo show won't play all the same songs that other echo devices?
does it work as a video intercom system
can you use echo show with arlo secerity camera
I have an echo show and an echo.the instructions sayto make phone calls go to the alexa app and sync my contacts list, but there is nowhere to do that
For use as a baby monitor, can the screen be off but have audio coming through from Amazon cam?
can it be used in a car that has a built in wi-fi hotspot? Or any alexa product really....?
Does the echo show let you read ebooks and turn the page via voice command? I have paralyzed family member who loves to read.
Will it see 5ghz and connect?
Can i change its name
Can This speak and understand Russian?
can it list and open emails?
Will the Alexa Echo change channels on a smart tv?
can on prime account be used for two echo show?
Is there an App Store so I can download my YI security camera app??
Can it communicate with The echo plus that has a built in hub to control smart home devices ?
Is Arabic language included?
Does the Show have a built in hub?
Can the echo show hook up to tv for more speaker sounds
Does this replace the original Echo or join it ?
All I wanna know is can you voice a song...see the lyrics...and have it play the audio through sonos speakers?
Can it recognize more than one voice?
Does this work as a FireTv?
If used by an elderly parent, do they need a smartphone for it to work? I have a smartphone and can use it to set if up if necessary.
can i stream echo show to other devices
Can it be used without a landline
do you need to purchase an app or will this work off your existing Amazon account.
How to set the correct time for its location
How do you make the display brighter?
When will You Tube be back?
I had internet problems got a new modem and a new wifi address how do i put my show back on wifi
I am thinking of buy one for my grandpa, will it work if he do not have smart phone, and he do not have Amazon account.
Can this now play you tube or is it still blocked?
Can I set an alarm and have it turn on my heat 15 minutes before the alarm goes off?
Since it is not available in india yet, will the u.s. model work in india ?
What is the best way to add a hub to an Echo Show?
What type of cameras will the echo show work with?
is there a usb port
Does echo show have an always on screen? Or can you set a timeout?
Will these be delivered june 28th or shipped june 28th for pre orders?
How do i make the screen go black when not in use
can you mount it?
Will it work with a roomba?
If i have 2 echo shows in my house on the same amazon account, can i set them up to 2 different Amazon music accounts?
Is there a way to block specific contacts from syncing? Or allow only certain ones to sync?
switching between music and cooking
Can it be used as a alarm clock
does it have a built in hub
Can i watch Netflix or hulu on the Echo show if i have the fire stick?
Can you watch YouTube videos on this?
My mom doesn't have a smart phone, however I have one to set it up. Do you need a smartphone to use it for video chat? She has wifi.
Can it pan between 2 kids rooms? I want to use it for monitoring 2 sleeping kids.
Do you need a phone number to use the show?
As a baby monitor with compatible camera, will Alexa alert you to movment or noise in the nursery?
Do you have to have wifi to operate this , i have a galaxy 3note sprint boost moble unlimited everything and streaming ,i also have prime
Can you use echo show and echo together?
Can it connect to the app SoundHound?
can you add another speaker with bluetooth?
Does Echo play internet radio stations?
We have the echo and echo dot. Will Echo work in same house as the echo and echo dot? Just checking to see if all three would work in the same house
How secure is contact phone list once installed?
can i use this out of the country that has 220v but the set up will be here in the US ?
Is it ccompatible to the tap
Does it have built in speakers
Is this a stand alone feature, or do you need an Alexa unit for it to function?
can you listen to fm radio?
Can this use my wifi's printer to print out what's on the screen
Can i get rss feeds on echo show
Can you access the camera from your phone?
does it play napster music
Is the Echo Show practical as a clock radio?
Is there a screen protector for the echo show
Does the alexa show work with my ring flood light cam for monitoring?
How can I download the Alexa app?
To use as intercom, i need to enable dropin...to set up dropin, i enable calling and messages and this requires android or ioscell phone number?
does it work by itself?
Does the Echo Show use the same phone app as the rest of the Echo series?
Can each household member (me and my wife) have their own linked calendar?
Do they sell a wall mount for this???
Is closed captioning available for watching videos?
Can be used in colombia to do videocalling?
can the show be set up using a laptop with wifi connection
Does it have to be plugged in?
can one echo show call another echo show to share video
About echo, how do you keep it hands free without always having to push the button to talk?
Can it access my Nest cameras from outside my network? Like could I use it to view my nest cams at home from work?
Can i drop in on an echo show from another echo show in same household without the use of a smartphone?
All i would need this for is youtube video on how to. can you watch youtube on this?
can you talk to someonat the door with a ring doorbell
What news channels will stream
can this work with the Ring doorbell?
Can i view my adt pulse cameras?
does alexa have to be plugged in
Will this work as a wireless speaker for my samsung smart tv?
Is the show considered a hub like the echo plus
How moisture proof is it. Can it be used and left on a covered porch?
Can you stream Google Play Music?
Compatible wireless Remote speakers
can it be configured with SIP / Voip calls to landlines and mobile lines?
I primarily bought this for two reasons...my security cameras and youtube. and now, no youtube?? is this temporary??
Can Alexa be connected to security cameras?
I would like to purchase this for an elder so I can check on them. Is there a drop in mode on this? and can I drop in a video call from alexa app?
Can it be setup without cell phone
What is the dimensions of The echo show?
does it work with facetime
Can the echo show be used with other echo's (plus, dot, etc.)?
can it be used in Israel
ia show compatible with ring?
Can it play Youtube? Because your Amazon tablets doesn't, so we went with ipads instead.
what do i have to have to make echo show work , i have no smart phone or smart T V , I do have a computer
How fast does it pull up your arlo camera after the alexa command to show them?
Which echo has the best sound? newest verson of echo or the echo show. i have an original echo.
Does it have a touch screen
can it be used in foreign countries?
how to reset echo show?
Is anyone having an issue with these waking up on their own?
How to make echo show screen lighter
Can you look up recipes on echo show
Can you make the digital clock larger to fill the screen?
Can you change to a larger clock display?
Do you have to have an Amazon account to make video calls and also through the App on phone, can can they use the same Amazon account?
Will this work with the Amazon voice remotes (like the one included with the original beta echos)?
Can this be used in europe? i would like to get one for me (in the us) and one for my mom (in europe). would it work?
will it play direct tv now?
How do you pair with nluetooth speakers?
Is it with sirius
What is echo show operating system? and could i install android app?
Can it do a three-way video conference call?
Why does ring doorbell pro image keep buffering???? it's fine on ipad and android, but not echo show.
Will this continually display my cloud cam without "timing out". Looking to use as baby monitor with continuous audio/video display.
What news channels can you stream?
Is there a monthly or any fees associated with the use of this product?
Can you load a slideshow onto it for viewing?
does show require a hub?
can it connect to home nas playlists
can you make calls and take calls on echo show without prime?
Does this have a built in battery to go wireless?
Do you have to have a prime account to use most features?
Can I use this device to give guests in a vacation home rental access to my smart devices such as lights, play music, etc without changing settings?
Can you add the day and date to the home screen?
Is it possible to use it for chatting internationally. say one device in us and another in india ?
Is there a way to listen to two different music stations on two devices at the same time?
Can you easily use Echo in 2 homes? I live 6 months in one, and six months in another...
Can I manually build a contact list?
Does the Alexa Show have a built in hub?
Can i use echo show with adt cameras
How can i upload my favorite recipes that i've gathered over the years (i have them in a word doc) to view on the echo show?
Can i have a separate password for amazon prime versus the set of echo products; i want my family access to the ech but not the prime account.
Why cant i get music?
Can it show a slideshow of pictures?
I have the worst memory on earth can I ask Alexis what my plans are for the day
Can the show have a clock screen like the spot, where the numbers take 50% of the area & auto dim with room conditions??
Do yu need a hub to work with devices?
Is this compatible with Sonos Speakers?
Can I video phone talk with out of state relatives? What is required and is it free?
does it play cnn?
any updates on youtube?
can you read kindle books?
Does it work with canary cameras?
do you need to purchase echo in order to use echo show?
can you sync with security cameras
Can this be used to make phone calls from a smart phones without adding other devices? I do not have land line..
Cannot enter WiFi password during setup because on-screen keyboard doesn’t pop up
Can you get rid of the "Try, Alexa ---" Thing that keep scrolling around on the screen?
How does it sound
Does the echo show have Night vision? My goal is for dual use as a baby monitor.
It can be use outside USA?
Does it cost per month?
Can you add lights smart home
will echo show work in internationally. Specifically, with a local wifi, can my mother in South Africa call me in Florida if we both have an echo show
Can I see what my echo show sees when I am away?
works overseas
Will the echo show hook up to dish joey
Can somebody hack in to it
My sister's name is Alexa so this could get confusing. Can I call her a different name?
How do I connect Alexa show to a hub?
Can I use my Kindle Fire 7 with my echo dot with the echo show?
How do i update my wi-fi passcode in alexa show?
can it connect to a Sonos one?
Does Alexa Show play movies
What is a reasonable price Bluetooth speaker that will pair up with this. Not looking for something to make my ears bleed just something that sound
Is it automatically connected to your Amazon account upon purchase?
I have the original Amazon echo, is this intended to take its place? if not how do they compliment each other?
How do I change my location for the weather? It thinks I am about 100 miles away.
How far should I be for max performance of my new echo ?
Is there a device that is a thermostat
If I have an echo in another room with one account. can I use the same account on the show?
Will the Show work with generic video monitor apps? Such as the TinyCam app with an Amcrest camera?
will these work with 4 wireless doorbells? where is the video storage?
I want to use the echo show just to make echo to echo calls. will i need a cell phone for this to work? it is for 2 elderly sisters to talk.
Is there a way to add phone #'s on the echo show with out a i phone or smart phone?
Time is wrong. Four

hours slow.
i already have echo 2nd. use in conjuntion? or one or the other?
Can this play a song with the picture slideshows?
Does the Echo Show work with Audible?
Do I need to purchase any accessories to set up?
My mother does not live in our house but she is on our amazon.Can i use this and alexa with her wifi and use it as an intercom with her.
For phone calls, do I connect it to my land line or can it be connected to cells? Can it connect to multiple lines/cells?
can you pack this in a carry-on?
Will the video calling work with iphone face time?
can the echo show work with phillips hue lights
Can echo show connect to flat tv
Will echo show stream from my iTunes library - music and movies?
I have an echo show and a couple echo dots. when i talk to my echo dots, only the closest responds. however, when i talk to my show/dots both a dot and show talk. any suggestions?
how well does this work over seas???
Echo show used to work with Bluetooth speakers for speech, not anymore why?
can I use this to watch my dogs?
For video calling (elderly mom) do I simply need one of these set up for her, and my own cellphone? not 2 Echo shows - right? (I have a regular echo)
Can Echo Show print to a wireless printer?
How does it work as. A monitor system?
Can you get Netflix on this device?
can you do youtube on it
If I am technicalky challenged is the set up difficult?
If I buy two units can they work together in different wifi networks? I would like to put one at my grandmas house and one of my house.
When will it understand dutch language?
So you have to have home phone to use all features
alexa recognize different languages?
I need to talk with a real person it says slight cosmetic on this iteam what does that mean
Do you have to have a landline to use dropin or call?
Will it work on 220v?
does it work with Magicfly digital wireless dvr security system
Does ths item come with case
does it work with philips hue without the philips bridge?
can it be hooked up to a TV to view
how do you turn off screen of echo show
Is there a Line-out like the Dot has? If, no then it's a deal breaker !
will Alexa turn lights on and off at a given time? example on at 10pm and off at 6am.
Do you need a smart phone to use this product? Will a tablet work?
Will it play audio books ordered from Amazon prime?
When will you get youtube support back? What are the hurdles?
Does it have a remote control?
Is it connecting to the internet
Anything Echo Show can NOT do which amazon echo or echo dot can do?
Can you have more than one per house and have them display different alarm clocks for parent and child
Are there any questions about the camera?
When will the alexa echo show be able to speak english (UK) accent? All my other echo' s changed
can it play music
YouTube compatible?
Can my grandmother use this using my account, she refuses to get a smart device in order to have the app.
Will it show Ring video feeds?
Is there a way to keep the nest feed on overnight? This says it can be used as a baby monitor but the video closes after 30 mins or so.
does it have its own hub
Where is the stereo output jack so I can play music over my home theater speakers? Can I embed this in the wall? Will this play iTunes music?
is Wifi the only way to get connected to internet? We have existing Echo Dot and it has connection issues with all the secure wifi networks around i
can the echo show use the same apps as the fire tablet?
Will it record a conversation in the room?
Can you watch movies from prime?
To amazon: will this have any sort of 'video-out' capability (via firestick, hdmi, mirrorlink, etc.)? if not, why not?
I bought 2 echo shows and set one up at mom and dad's using one amazon account. how does another person outside family call them and not me?
I would like to get this for my grandmother in a nursing home. How can I prevent it from getting stolen.
what if i forgot my wi-fi password
to access alexa with the app, do you have to be on the same network?
Is echo show compatiable with at&t internet service?
What does this do? Is it internet? Does it work good? Are you happy with it?
does this work in india
If u have a command in spanish, she responded?
Can this be used as a video intercom system in different rooms of a house? Independent of a smart home camera system?
can i take echo show in italy by using a transformer for the different electricity? (220v )
Can it show multiple cameras at the same time like split screen?
Does echo show support printing?
Can you use two echo shows as an intercom?
Can you make video calls at night and see with low light
Can you call any phone number, or just to another Echo device or Alexa app?
Is this internet accesible?
How do I get iHeartRadio to connect to my show? I keep seeing in description that you can play iHeartRadio. I've even seen the logo for iHeartRadio.
How do i full the entire screen with a clock display
Can you watch Netflix
Can it maintain separate/multiple shopping lists or lists of things to do per person?
will this one work as it was an alexa by asking it a question or do i need to have another device in order for this work?
Can you connect lights that will flash to the Echo Show so that when making a video call to a deaf person their Show flashes for incoming calls?
How are the talks with YouTube going?
Can this transmit video or audio like a security camera or does the phone need to be connected at both ends?
While on a Alexa call with a contact, can I Alexa something at the same time like find movies?
Are there any plans to make the alexa show compatible with the homscam wireless door bell smart wifi camera video doorbell security camera?
Why doesn't the echo Show have a built-in Smart Hub
Don't have wi-fi can i connect to cat 5?
does it work with apple devices
Can this speak Russian?
Does it have closed caption
I have a life alert system I would love to replace with this...how sensitive is the part that “hears” your voice? Could it hear you from 50’ away?
can the monitor have a closed caption feature? this would be a great system for my grandmother (deaf) she could see me on the screen
Can you have multiple Show devices in different locations (work, home)and use the same Prime account?
My wifi requires me to login on a website. Will this be possible?
What do I actually need to make this work properly ?
With amazon buying Blink, will I eventually be able to view the cameras via the Show?
Can I use 2 different echo shows in 2 different locations using one prime account? Or do I have to have 2 prime accounts?
How weight is it for packing?
does it have amazon music
When listening to music via Pandora, does Echo Show display the album, song, and artist names on its screen?
If I buy two registered to my account, can one call the other? I want to give one to my mother abroad.
Is there an app for the echo show it has me in the wrong zip code for weather updates
can it sync with eco
Can you connect your Google photos account to look at your photos on this echo?
If this is used for a baby monitor, will the feed stay on the screen all night? or does it go into a sleep mode and shut the screen off?
does anyone know if you if you can integrate this with mydlink cameras?
can you set it so no one can charge things?
Is brightness be adjusted
Can I view non smart cameras or I should say Ip cameras?
can you do 3 ways call
Can u hook it up to a tv or av reciever to show yr ring doorbells on it or other wifi cameras
Will it control my Sonos?
How do I turn on screen to stay on?
Can it be used as connecting option for me to call my mother in a nursing home?
Will this play music videos?
Can i use my cell phone as my home phone
Can the Show also be used to dim the lights and such?
Do you do payment plans to pay monthly? When I bought the Dot, they did
Can the camera be disabled?
Does this require the use of a smart phone? Can I call 911 with it?
What app connects this to samsung phones?
How do i improve the sound quality? It sounds simular to an old AM radio.
Do tedtalks on an alexa show only have audio? i enabled the skill expecting audio and video but only got audio.
can it be used as a radio
Can you add bluetooth speakers?
can you check email with it
does it work as a bluetooth speaker
does it play youtube?
will camera show on app?
Can it play netflix
Is the amazon echo sow compatible with the nest cameras
Does anyone's Show randomly shut down and the only way to turn it back on is to unplug it and plug it back in? Defective unit?
Will they be coming out with a portable charger like they have for the original echo?
Can this connect to my Xbox one X?
Does it work with 'magic jack' wifi phone service?
If i have 2 echo shows in the house, can i add notes or calendar events from one so it shows up on the other. (notes/tasks for the kids)?
Can I take the Echo show to my boat and connect it with the marina wifi?
Does the Echo Show provide tutorials for Calc 3 or programming questions?
Do you need more than one, or you just take it room to room?
what languages can it speak
Can you turn the scrolling new headlines off? I just want the clock, temperture and wall paper on the screen when idle.
can this be used as security camera
does it connect to my bluetooth speaker?
can you watch your satelite programming
Can you have a full screen size clock face to view from a distance
can you drop in on someone who has the echo show if the caller is calling from an alexa app on a compatible android device
Can the echo show be assigned to two amazon accounts so that it will receive calls for two people in the same household?
why would the show call itself
can you drop in if the caller is calling from an alexa app on a copatible android device
What security cameras does it support? Is there a list?
Can this connect to wifi
Can you play Amazon Prime music playlists? If so, how do you select one to play?
Does it have the Skype app?
I want to purchase one for my elderly parents to video call. Is this product user friendly for an 80 year old to answer calls or make calls?
can alex read a book to me
do that devise work in other country ?
Can i use the prime monthly payment
Does it support Fire Tablet applications?
can you watch you tube videos?
Can I use my cell phone as my home phone? I don't have a dedicated home phone.
can I watch youtube videos
naming echo show?
How dp i get the lyrics to come on scteen
Can you see your security camera with it
Can this stream yi camera?
How do you set up Echo Show with your phone for video chat?
Can you enable parental controls if putting this in a preteen’s room?
Why can’t I hear anything? It’s not on mute and the volume is all the way up
I want to be connected with my family in armenia. if i place one in united states and second one in armenia will it work and are we be able video chat
Does the Echo Show have vesa mount capabilities and output for external speakers??
Can you use headphones with the show?
can i use my cellphone with echo show
Is there an app on my phone I can watch the camera with the in my nursery
What internet speed would you need to have for the Echo Show?
Does this intercom double as a hidden camera for inside my home?
does it display song lyrics
Can video calls be screened before being connected, or is instant "drop-in" the only way?
Is it wifi only or can i hook it to lan?
Can it communicate with the 10" fire tablet



```
==========================Nintendo==========================
Will this game work on the Magnavox Odyssey?
will this be avalible for wii U?
Will this also release on ps4 and xb1?
Will this work on my neogeo pocket color?
Does this work with amazon alexa?
Why is there taxes
Download or hardcopy?
What is odyssey
Can you use the nintendo switch pro controller?
How many players is this game?
Good for 5 year old?
Is the second player really only the hat? How do you like that feature?
Can u co-op 2 dif nintendo switch's
It says available on dec 22 being a prime member will have it in hand by Christmas dya?
Will Luigi be available to unlock in this game?
Is Mario lopez(ac Slater) in this game?
Can Cappy Become Bowser
Can i play this on my snes with gba adapter on the neogeo color pocket 3ds screen?
Is this card game?
Which should I buy, this, or zelda botw?
The digital code is region free ???for europe??
will u need to by the waluigi amiibo to get the waluigi costume?
Is it levels or open world
I put an order in and waiting on delivery date, i need this before christmas. when will i get a confirmation? thank you.
Is this compatible with Nintendo 3DS?
Is Super Mario Odyssey a multiplayer game?
Can this game be played on Wii U?
My game arrived with the cartridge missing. Anyone else have this issue?
Does this game come in Spanish or only in English?
This comes with the physical game right like the one you insert? Asking because 2 friends got it and one got physical game and other got game download
What languages supported?
Has anyone received their pre download code?
Is this for a physical game or download?
I need this Super Mario odyssey for my sons birthday to be delivered by dec 2 /2017
Is this the nitendo switch and game together
my grandsons have the Wii U will this game work with the Wii U? if not is there a version that does.
When are you getting more?
I saw a movie where these kids got sucked into a game through there tv screen. Does this game do that? If so is it easy to get back to the real world?
Does this play on the Nintendo WiiU system?
How do you beat the game? Does Mario save the prince again?
Why is this rated everyone 10?
Will this work om wii u
How many players can play this at one time
I purchased this game and got bored within the first 20 minutes of doing absolutely nothing but grabbing coins– I’m I able to get my 20 mins back?
In your opinion is it worth it cuz i already pre ordered it!!
what is super mario odyssey switch
How complex are the motion control actions? My 6-year-old wants the game, but Santa won't bother if it has too many complex sequences.
The game is in spanish
Is it suitable for a four year old child?
If my son shares the game with a friend (who has his own Switch) will he start off where my son ended, or can he start from the beginning?
can this be played on the XBox 360?
can an 8 year old play this game
When is Super Mario Iliad coming out?
Do I have to download the game?
will this work on my xblox one?
Do you need an amiibo figure to play?
does it has manual, handbook, primer?
What is better mario odeseey or splatoon 2
does super mario odyssey come with the nintendo switch? it would be great if it did!!f
Is nintendo. switch. required for playing super mario odyssey?
this product could send to mexico?
is this like the old school super mario
How come jump man and dunky sometime fight in war of 2?, also where is new dunk city? seem impossible to find :/
If I were to buy this digitally, how many gigs would this need?
Is this the digital copy? I don't want to wait...
Does it work on Nintendo DS?
Where can I find Cheat codes for super mario odessy for nintendo switch
¿Can i take this game to the beach?
Could be change the language of the game?
Will you make a wii u version as well?
Can you play on xbox 360?
Is this the switch's version of super mario bros?
Is a set of three new amiibo figures included?
Is this a multiplayer game?
which region is this game?
What age group is this for?
When does this game come out for xbox one?
Do you need 2 sets of joy-con controllers for 2 player mode? Or does each player just use one half?
Can super mario switch odyssey be played on any console other than the switch?
I've heard online that if you were to pre-order super mario odyssey for the nintendo switch then you would receive a cappy hat to wear. is that true?
Why was i sent a eur version of the game on amazon and does it matter?
it´s a multilanguage game?
Vote if you like this game
they going to make a combo with the switch?
do you have to have the nintendo switch to play this game?
Can more than one player play?
Can this be used for Playstation 4 and x-box?
What is a Paladin?
Is sonic in this
if I select "buy new" will I receive a physical game?
is it a disc? the format says its a disc. (once its purchesed)
Will this be available on steam at some point?
Is this game multiplayer?
Can the switch use the game cartridge on the go? Or does it only work with downloaded games once you take it off the console?
Is this multiple player?
how many people can play mario odyssey on one console at the same time?
Does it have multiplayer?
Does the nintendo switch come with super mario odssey?
Can this be used on wii and on x box?
Does this game have a form of multiplayer
Can 2 people play this game together?
Is there a day one update we have to download, or is it good to go out of the box?
Does the super mario odessey support korean language?
Mario can this game be played on the wii
Will this be multiplayer? And if so,will it be like mario 3d world (everyone is their own character) or more like mario galaxy (as a sidekick)?
And, have shipping cost to this address??? 47728
is it four players
Is this available to purchase for Wi U?
Can I play in spanish lenguage?
Can I play this on my TI-89?
If you buy the digital copy can you download it on more then one Nintendo Switch console
hi i pre ordered this yesterday on the 26th is it possible it will come on today or on Saturday
Is switch: 1. platform; 2. controllers; 3. game? does this package have all 3?
Does the two player feature require two switch consoles or can you play with someone on one console?
Can game be used on 3ds sytem
If I buy this game, will Mario take control of me?
Why this looks like sonic adventure dx?
Odyssey, mario kart or splatoon? What should i get
Is super Mario odyssey compatible with Wii U
I just got the switch and this game. Does anyone else's cartridge rattle and seem loose? I think it's maybe how they're snapped together.
Will it work on other Nintendo machines?
Can you play this on Wii U or is it available on Wii u
Is this multiplayer, more than two players?
Many new games on xbox and playstation have codes that come with them for content. Do i lose anything buying this used like i might on those systems?
do they offer different languages?
Why is is more expensive as a digital download?
Will it be fun for an adult or?
Its-a gonna be a good-a game?
I ordered with two day shipping although my package is supposed to arrive tommorow and has not been shipped. What is up?
Is this approate for a 6 year old ??
If I purchased the digital code, will it work in the middle east (Saudia Arabia)?
Is this game for the Wii?
Will you wrap
Can I play the game with just one joy con controller sideways?
can I play on my wii u
Will this work on Nintendo 64, and does it support the rumble pack?
Do you have it in stock?
Is it recommended to use the pro controller?
what controllers do you need?
Love the game Luigi not there why :(
Is there a version of odessa i can play on my wii u?
Is physical or digital copy better?
Can this game b downloaded onto a tablet
Will this work on a Mac?
For two player: do you use the joy con controllers? or do i need to buy another controller?
Will I be able to jump over the flag pole?
i heard spain version has only a dlc code in tje box; is card game included? or is just a code for download in the box?
The concept of possessing characters and controlling them seems a little...creepy? Can someone expand on this game feature for me?
Is a set of three new amiibo figures included?
does super mario odyssey come with the nintendo switch? it would be great if it did!!f
Is this price only for Black Friday?
Real question do you know how much space it would take up on the system if you go the digital rout?
I ordered with two day shipping although my package is supposed to arrive tommorow and has not been shipped.
Did anyone else get the european version of the game? it would say "pegi 7" at the bottom. if so would this effect dlc?
Is sonic in this game? Does Mario come through the screen in 3d?
Can I play in spanish lenguage?
will it play on an x box
i guess this doesnt come with the switch? it would be great if it did!!
Does super mario odessy nintendo switch have a helpful hints book?
Is super mario odyssey able to be used on a 3ds??
Firmware update included? Which version?
Will my seven year old enjoy it? She loves the videos of it on youtube. I worry it may be too hard.
can DS games be played
will this work on a ps3?
How many players?
Does this kit include everything (but the TV) for an 11-year-old to start playing? Is there a better complete kit?
is this game two player
Does it come with extras like a tshirt or keychain?
Can you play the game with 2 or more players?
Does this support Korean as well?
Will this work on Nintendo Wii U?
Can I play this game on with my N64 controller?
Will Mario be in this game?
Is the wii u gamepad a nintendo switch?
Is this is nintendo acquittal it to 2016 version
Does mario steal souls? does that make him the antichrist?
Does this work on my original snes?
Is this real?
games for 6 year olds
What is odyssey
Micro SD is needed to play?
How many shrines are there in this game? also, at what point in this game will i be able to acquire the master sword?
Do you need wifi to play this game?
If you preorder what day will game show up at my house?
Is there a moon kingdom in this game? I don't want to buy it if there isn't one.
Will I be able to play this on my sega genesis?
Paid extra for own day shipping and 4 days latter still have not got this item
Could I play this on my Atari 2600?
Will this be for Wii U as well, or just switch?
Is it single player?
Any chance that this game is rated M for mature?
Is that the official cover art?
How come it still says its being released december 27th? Will it be fixed?
will this play on the 3dsxl? is there ever going to be a new mario game like 1 and 2 for ds?
Will this title also be for Wii U?
Can intndo switch games work for wiiu
Is this for WiiU or Switch?
```

